<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
  <concept id="GSAM_501_672">
      <title class="- topic/title "> 
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">501.672</ph> Acquisition Certification Programs.</title>
      <conbody>
         <ol>
            <li>
               <p id="id2221F0K60XW">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>Federal Acquisition Certification (FAC) programs. GSA employees are required to obtain and maintain FACsas determined by the business and operational needs of their organization with emphasis upon the type of work they will perform. To obtain and maintain FACs, GSA employees shall comply with the requirements established by the OMB, OFPP, FAI, and GSA. Information about the FAC programs, including requirements for obtaining and maintaining certification, is available at <xref href="http://www.fai.gov/" format="html" scope="external">http://www.fai.gov</xref> and on the Acquisition Career Management page on the GSA's Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/employee-resources/acquisition-purchases-and-payments/acquisition-portal/acquisition-career-management"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
               <p id="id2221F0M0GQN">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  <i>GSA specific certification programs</i>. The Senior Procurement Executive (SPE) has established agency-specific certification programs for acquisition workforce (AWF) members who perform under acquisition and contracting authorities that are unique to GSA. GSA employees, regardless of job series, may be required to obtain and maintain GSA specific certifications as determined by the business and operational needs of their organization with emphasis upon the type of work they will perform. Information about the following GSA specific certification programs, including requirements for obtaining and maintaining certification, is available on the Acquisition Career Management page on the GSA's Acquisition Portal at  <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/employee-resources/acquisition-purchases-and-payments/acquisition-portal/acquisition-career-management/career-development-programs/gsa-specific-certification-programs"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref> . </p>
               <ol>
                  <li>
                     <p id="id2221F0MI07U">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        <i>GSA Fleet Acquisition Certification (Fleet-C) Program</i>. As required by business and operational needs, GSA Fleet personnel, regardless of job series, are required to obtain and maintain the Fleet-C. </p>
                     <ol>
                        <li>
                           <p id="id2221F0O30PM">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              <i>Warrant requirement</i>. In order to be eligible for a Fleet Acquisition warrant, GSA Fleet personnel must hold aFleet-C in “certified” status in the official governmentwide career management system of record. </p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                     <p id="id2221F0MN0BF">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        <i>GSA Real Property Leasing Certification Program (LCP)</i>. As required by business and operational needs, GSA Leasing, Lease Administration, Outleasing, and Site Acquisition contracting officers, regardless of job series, are required to obtain and maintain the LCP certification.</p>
                     <ol>
                        <li>
                           <p>
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              <i>Warrant requirement. </i>In order to be eligible for a Leasing, Lease Administration, Outleasing, or Site Acquisition warrant, GSA Leasing, Lease Administration, Outleasing, and Site Acquisition personnel must hold aLCP certification in “certified” status in the official governmentwide career management system of record.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                     <p id="id2221F0N002L">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        <i>GSA Personal Property Disposal Certification (PPD-C) Program</i>. As required by business and operational needs, GSA personal property disposal personnel, regardless of job series, are required to obtain and maintain the PPD-C. </p>
                     <ol>
                        <li>
                           <p id="id2221F0R0K4E">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              <i>Warrant requirement. </i>In order to be eligible for a Personal Property Disposal warrant, GSA personal property disposal personnel must hold aPPD-C in “certified” status in the official governmentwide career management system of record.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                     <p>
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> 
                        <i>GSA Fleet Sales Certification (FS-C) Program</i>. As required by business and operational needs, GSA Fleet sales personnel, regardless of job series, are required to obtain and maintain the FS-C.</p>
                     <ol>
                        <li>
                           <p>
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> 
                              <i>Warrant requirement.</i> In order to be eligible for a Fleet Sales warrant, Fleet sales personnel must hold a FS-C in “certified” status in the official governmentwide career management system of record.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                     <p id="id2221F0N00XK">
                        <i>GSA Real Property Disposal Certification (RPD-C) Program</i>. As required by business and operational needs, GSA Real Property Disposal contracting officers, regardless of job series, are required to obtain and maintain the RPD-C.</p>
                     <ol>
                        <li>
                           <p id="id2221F0R0RE9">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              <i>Warrant requirement</i>. In order to be eligible for an Real Property Disposal warrant, real property disposal personnel must hold a RPD-C in “certified” status in the official governmentwide career management system of record. </p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li>
               <p id="id2221F0M0GBI">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>  <i/> Certification self-revocation. With supervisory approval, an employee may surrender a certification as long as the certification is not required based on the employee’s job series, position description, and/or delegated procurement authority or contracting administration delegations. For surrender eligibility criteria, please refer to the guidance on the Acquisition Career Management page on the Acquisition Portal at  <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref> . </p>
               <ol>
                  <li>
                     <p id="id2221F0N0FL7">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>In instances where the certification being surrendered is the basis for an employee's warrant, the warrant must be terminated before the employee surrenders the certification. </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li>
               <p id="id2221F0M30ZJ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  <i>Waivers</i>. The SPE may waive Federal Acquisition Certification in Contracting (FAC-C) (Professional) requirementsto support the hiring or promotion of an employee to grade GS-13 or higher. Waivers will only be considered in compelling and well documented circumstances. This authority is non-delegable. Waivers are not transferable to other agencies. </p>
            </li>
            <li>
               <p id="id2221F0M0HX4">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>
                  <i>Reciprocity of certification programs</i>. Pursuant to GSA policies and guidance, the applicant shall present evidence of the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) or FAC certification for consideration to obtain a FAC or agency-specific certification through reciprocity. See the Acquisition Career Management page on the Acquisition Portal at  <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/employee-resources/acquisition-purchases-and-payments/acquisition-portal/acquisition-career-management/career-development-programs/federal-acquisition-certification-programs/fac-reciprocity"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>  for guidance on reciprocity. </p>
               <ol>
                  <li>
                     <p id="id2221F0N0QL7">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        <i>Reciprocity with DOD certification programs</i>. GSA may recognize DAWIA certifications (Public Law 101-510) issued by DOD.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                     <p id="id2221F0N0SBL">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        <i>Reciprocity between FAC programs</i>.</p>
                     <ol>
                        <li>
                           <p id="id2221F0R60YE">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              <i>FAC-C (Professional) to FAC-COR</i>. Individuals certified as FAC-C (Professional) are considered to have met FAC-COR requirements for all levels per OMB Memo "Federal Acquisition Certification in Contracting Modernization” dated January 19, 2023”.<xref href="https://www.fai.gov/" format="html" scope="external"/> 
                           </p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                           <p id="id2221F0R70UX">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>FAC-P/PM to FAC-COR. Individuals certified as FAC-P/PM are considered to have met FAC-COR requirements per OMB Memo "Revisions to the FAC-COR" dated September 6, 2011 (see <xref href="https://www.fai.gov/" format="html" scope="external">https://www.fai.gov/</xref>). Individuals certified as FAC-P/PM Level II or higher are considered to have met the FAC-COR requirements for that same level.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
  </concept>
</dita>
