<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="GSAM_501_604"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">501.604</ph> Contracting Officer's
Representative (COR).</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d35e19" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e14" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> The
COR’s role is to develop proper requirements and ensure during contract
administration the contractors meet the commitments of their contracts,
including the timeliness and delivery of quality goods and services
as required by the contract.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e24" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FAC-COR
Certification</i>. <ph rev="CHANGE 147 FEBRUARY 2, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">When
required and regardless of series, employees, must complete the
GSA certification and training requirements to obtain and maintain
an active Federal Acquisition Certification for Contracting Officer's
Representative (FAC-COR) at the appropriate level in the career
management system of record. COs determine the certification level
required for each delegation of contract administration as described
in the COR appointment letter.</ph>
               </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221DM00K5Z" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Timeframe.</i> 
                        <ph rev="CHANGE 147 FEBRUARY 2, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">CORs must be certified at
the appropriate level no later than 6 months from the date of their
appointment.; an approved SPE waiver is not required to exercise
this flexibility.</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221DM000Y4" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  <ph rev="CHANGE 147 FEBRUARY 2, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">If an employee has been
appointed to serve as a COR, but does not hold an active FAC-COR
certification at the appropriate level within 6 months from the
date of the appointment, a waiver request must be submitted and
approved by the SPE (see paragraph (d)). The CO shall remove the
employee from the appointment until the certification has been obtained.
COs must confirm that an employee holds an active FAC-COR certification
in the career management system of record. The CO must confirm throughout
the period of performance that the COR certification remains active.</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221DM010HS" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  I<ph rev="CHANGE 147 FEBRUARY 2, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">f a CO and/or the employee's
supervisor is notified that an employee serving on a COR delegation
is not certified at the appropriate FAC-COR level, the CO shall
designate a replacement COR within 30 calendar days.</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id2221E0309UI" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph> <ph rev="CHANGE 147 FEBRUARY 2, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">COR Critical Elements. Every
fiscal year, supervisors are required to include the mandatory standard
(acquisition-related) critical element in all performance plans
for GSA employees who hold a FAC-COR certification and are under
an active delegation. Once the standard element is included, supervisors
may add additional duties and performance metrics specific to the
responsibilities of the employee.</ph>
               </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221E0G50YK" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> <ph rev="CHANGE 147 FEBRUARY 2, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">This requirement applies
to all GSA FAC-COR holders, regardless of the dollar threshold and/or
scope of the contract(s) that they are assigned to support as a
COR.</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221E0M80HT" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> <ph rev="CHANGE 147 FEBRUARY 2, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">
                           <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exclusions</i>.</ph>
                     </p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221E0MI0PN" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> <ph rev="CHANGE 147 FEBRUARY 2, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">This requirement does not
apply to Contracting Officers who also serve as CORs.</ph>
                           </p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221E0MJ07Q" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> <ph rev="CHANGE 147 FEBRUARY 2, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">This requirement does not
apply to GS-1170s or Leasing Contracting Officers, of any job series.</ph>
                           </p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221E0M90PF" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> <ph rev="CHANGE 147 FEBRUARY 2, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">Additional information and
guidance can be found on the Acquisition Career Management pages
on the GSA Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                                 format="html"
                                 scope="external"
                                 class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>.</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e36" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Waivers</i>.
The SPE may waive the requirements for FAC-COR certifications certifications.
Waivers will only be considered in compelling and well documented
circumstances for a period not to exceed 6 months. This authority
is non-delegable. FAC-COR waivers are not transferable to other
agencies.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e133" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contracting
officer’s responsibilities</i>.</p>
               <ol id="d35e141" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d34e146" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> In appointing
CORs under GSAM <xref href="Subpart_542.2.dita#GSAM_Subpart_542_2"
                              base="QFVBNAQU"
                              outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                              class="- topic/xref ">542.2</xref>,
the contracting officer must take into consideration the appropriate
FAC-COR Level needed to protect the government's interest. The contracting
officer must consider the risk associated with the acquisition,
including contract type, in order to determine the appropriate level
of FAC-COR coverage.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d34e155" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  Contracting
officers must provide appointment letters in writing to the contractor,
outlining the COR's responsibilities under the contract and the
limits of the COR's authority to the contractor. The contracting
officer must also provide a copy to the COR and the COR supervisor,
and maintain a copy in the official contract file, or a central
file referenced in the contract file.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d34e164" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  <ph rev="CHANGE 147 FEBRUARY 2, 2022" class="- topic/ph ">The contracting officer
is authorized to revoke a COR appointment. Any revoked COR appointment
must be documented in writing and maintained in the official contract
file or a central location referenced in the contract file. The CO
must notify the COR, the COR's supervisor, the contractor and the
designated Acquisition Career Management Point of Contact (ACM POC)
within 7 calendar days of the revocation.</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
