<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="GSAM_501_671"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title "><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">501.671</ph> Program and Project Managers (P/PM).</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id2128D0C905Z" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General</i>.
The Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project Managers
(FAC-P/PM) core certification program certifies program and project
managers at three levels: Entry, Mid and Senior. This certification
program is based upon a competency model of performance outcomes
which measures the knowledge, skills and abilities gained by program and
project managers through professional training, job experience and
continuous learning. Program and Project Managers (P/PMs) are critical
to project success, including developing accurate government requirements
and managing life-cycle activities to ensure that intended outcomes
are achieved. Information about FAC-P/PM is available at <xref href="https://www.fai.gov/" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">https://www.fai.gov/ </xref>and
GSA’s Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id2128D0CF0Y4" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FAC-P/PM
Certification</i>. When
required and regardless of series, employees must complete the GSA
certification and training requirements to obtain and maintain an
active Federal Acquisition Certification for Program and Project
Managers (FAC-P/PM) at the appropriate level in the career management
system of record. Depending on the project, the FAC-P/PM IT Core-Plus
specialty certification may also be required: </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221EE00M30" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> Timeframe. The employee's
supervisor must confirm that an employee holds an active FAC-P/PM
certification or specialization at the appropriate level when assigning
the employee as a program manager, project lead or integrated project
team (IPT) lead; if not, PMs must be certified at the appropriate
level no later than 12 months from the date of their assignment
to a program, project or IPT; a waiver from the SPE is not required
to exercise this flexibility. </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221EF00ME9" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> If an employee has been
assigned to serve as a program manager, project lead or IPT, but
does not hold an active FAC-P/PM certification at the appropriate
level within 12 months from the date of their assignment, a waiver
request must be submitted and approved by the SPE (see paragraph
(d)). </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221EF00S4Y" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> Any program manager for
a major acquisition, including major programs as defined by OMB
Circular A-11, must be FAC-P/PM Level III certified. </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id2128D0CH0HS" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FAC-P/PM-IT
Specialization</i>.</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2128D0D0CPF" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Applicability</i>. The FAC-P/PM-IT
Specialization is required for all GSA P/PMs and IPT leads who support
the following covered projects and programs:</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2128D0GC0X4" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>IT projects
or programs included in the GSA IT Dashboard <xref href="https://itdashboard.gov/drupal/summary/023" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">https://itdashboard.gov/drupal/summary/023</xref>,
meaning they have been designated as major IT investments by the
GSA Chief Information Officer;</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2128D0GN0ZJ" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>IT
projects or programs identified by GSA’s IT Capital Planning and
Investment Control (CPIC) team as a major investment and shared
with the Acquisition Career Manager; or</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2128D0H017U" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph>IT
projects or programs designated by HCA as major or mission critical.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2128D0D0KPN" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Certification
requirements</i>. Any GSA employee pursuing the FAC-P/PM-IT must
first hold a mid or senior level FAC-P/PM Certification (Levels
II or III).</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2128D0CH0UI" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Timeframe</i>. Any GSA employee required
to have a FAC-P/PM-IT Specialization must obtain a the certification within
12 months of project assignment. If an employee has been assigned
to serve as a PM for a major program, but does not hold an active
FAC-P/PM-IT Specialization within 12 months from the date of their
assignment, a waiver request must be submitted and approved by the
SPE (see paragraph (d)). </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id2128D0CJ0HT" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Waivers</i>. The SPE may waive the requirements
for FAC-P/PM and FAC-P/PM-IT certification. Waivers will only be considered
in compelling and well documented circumstances for a period not
to exceed 12 months. This authority is non-delegable. FAC-P/PM-IT
waivers are not transferable to other agencies. Waiver requests
shall be submitted by the ACM POC for the requesting organization
to the OGP Acquisition Workforce Division for review and routing
to the SPE. </p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
