<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_501_601"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title ">
			      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">501.601</ph> General.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol id="d25e13" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d24e18" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  Definitions.</p>
					          <p id="d24e27" class="- topic/p ">
                  “Acquisition
Career Manager (ACM)” means the GSA agency official within the Office
of Acquisition Policy that has been appointed by the CAO, or designee,
to lead the agency's acquisition career management programs.
               </p>
					          <p id="d24e36" class="- topic/p ">
                  “Administrative
Warrant Issuing Agent” means the Director of the GSA Acquisition
Workforce Division (AWD) within the Office of Acquisition Policy.
               </p>
					          <p id="id216AB0MH05Z" class="- topic/p ">
                  “Acquisition
Career Management Point of Contact” means the GSA agency official
identified by the HCA to lead the implementation of acquisition
certification, warrant, training and career development programs
for that organization.
               </p>
					          <p id="d24e58" class="- topic/p ">“Contracting Officer
Warrant Board (COWB)” means a group of senior-level acquisition
employees within a contracting activity who receive, evaluate, and
process requests for selection and nomination of contracting officers
at the basic, simplified, intermediate,
and senior levels.</p>
					          <p id="d24e68" class="- topic/p ">“Contracting Officer Warrant
Program (COWP)” establishes the criteria for the appointment and
termination of GSA contracting officers. This ensures that GSA follows
a standardized process for qualifying and appointing individuals
as contracting officers based on the organization's needs for contracting
authority.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d24e77" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  Responsibilities of
Acquisition Career Management Positions.</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216AB10G0HS" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> Acquisition Career Manager
(ACM). The ACM is responsible for ensuring that the agency’s acquisition
workforce (AWF) meets the requirements established by the agency,
OMB’s Office of Federal Procurement Policy (OFPP), and other applicable
authorities. The functions of the ACM role include, but are not
limited to–</p>
							              <ol class="- topic/ol ">
								                <li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id216AB600EYK" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> Managing
the identification and development of the AWF;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id216AB600HHT" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> Providing
recommendations on acquisition-related human capital strategic planning;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id216AB600IPF" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph> Ensuring
that agency policies and procedures for acquisition workforce management
are consistent with those established by OFPP;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id216AB600JPN" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iv)</ph> Serving
as the agency senior advisor for acquisition human capital matters;
and</p>
								                </li>
								                <li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id216AB600J7Q" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(v)</ph> Representing
the agency in government-wide acquisition workforce forums, including,
but not limited to the Interagency Acquisition Career Management
Committee, Federal Acquisition Council on Training, and other government-wide
groups, as applicable.</p>
								                </li>
							              </ol>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216AB10D0Y4" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> Administrative
Warrant Issuing Agent. The Administrative Warrant Issuing Agent
will issue warrants centrally in the official government-wide career
management system of record. The Administrative Warrant Issuing
Agent is not an HCA and does not bear responsibility for any of
the actions carried out by the contracting officer under the warrant. The
HCA for a contracting activity shall retain authority and responsibility
for acquisition career management, including but not limited to</p>
							              <ol class="- topic/ol ">
								                <li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id216AB600T30" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> Managing the identification
and development of the AWF;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id216AB600TRO" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> Providing
recommendations on acquisition-related human capital strategic planning;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id216AB600UE9" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph> Fulfilling
the obligations established in GSAM <xref href="501.603.dita#GSAM_501_603"
                                    outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                                    class="- topic/xref ">501.603</xref>.</p>
								                </li>
							              </ol>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216AB2001UI" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> Acquisition
Career Management Points of Contact.</p>
							              <ol class="- topic/ol ">
								                <li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id216AB60204Y" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> Pursuant to applicable
HCA delegation memos, FAS, PBS and the Office of Administrative
Servicesare responsible for establishing an infrastructure to support
acquisition career management for their workforce members. The strategy
and implementation timelines for the acquisition career management
infrastructure are determined by organizations according to their
respective business needs and structure.</p>
								                </li>
								                <li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id216AB6030XW" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> Primary
points of contact for acquisition career management shall be reported
to <xref href="mailto:spe.request@gsa.gov"
                                    format="html"
                                    scope="external"
                                    class="- topic/xref ">spe.request@gsa.gov</xref> within ten (10)
business days of appointment or termination with the subject line
"Acquisition Career Management POC".</p>
								                </li>
								                <li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id216AB6030QN" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph> Designated
Acquisition Career Management Points of Contact will be posted to
the Acquisition Career Management pages on the GSA Acquisition Portal
at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                                    format="html"
                                    scope="external"
                                    class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>.</p>
								                </li>
							              </ol>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d24e119" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>   The Career Management
System of Record. The Clinger-Cohen Act (Public Law 104-106 §4307)
mandated federal agencies to have a database containing education,
experience, training and other data about their AWF. The government-wide
career management system is the official system of record for the
federal civilian agency AWF and is maintained by the Federal Acquisition
Institute (FAI).</p>
					          <ol id="d25e127" class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d24e136" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  The
AWF shall utilize the official government-wide career management
system of record to conduct and maintain their career management
activities for certifications, warrants, and acquisition training.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d24e193" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  Employees
are responsible for maintaining the records needed to demonstrate
that they have satisfied certification, warrant and training requirements
for quality assurance purposes.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d24e202" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  Supervisors
must ensure that AWF members are registered in the career management
system of record and maintain data accuracy in the system for their
direct reports.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d24e213" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>   For additional information
on any of the topics covered in GSAM <xref href="Subpart_501.6.dita#GSAM_Subpart_501_6"
                        outputclass="fm:Subpart"
                        class="- topic/xref ">subpart  501.6</xref>,
refer to the Acquisition Career Management page on the GSA Acquisition
Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
