<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="GSAM_502_101" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " id="id183G9B0027Q" xtrc="GSAR"> 
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">502.101</ph> Definitions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <ph rev="Change 191 October 24, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">“AbilityOne Representative (ABOR)” means a designated individual within the agency who is the lead advocate for federal buying in accordance with mandatory source contracting procedures, engages with the workforce to build use of the AbilityOne Program, and offers feedback to the U.S. AbilityOne Commission to improve the value of the AbilityOne Program. GSA has an Agency level ABOR and each Service (i.e., FAS and PBS) has a Service level ABOR. Information about the GSA ABORs is available on the AbilityOne Program page on the GSA Acquisition Portal at https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal.</ph>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Acquisition Career Manager (ACM)” means the GSA agency official
            within the Office of Acquisition Policy that has been appointed by
            the CAO, or designee, to lead the agency's acquisition career
            management programs. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Acquisition Career Navigator (ACN)” means an individual designated
            in writing by the Head of the Contracting Activity to lead the
            implementation of acquisition career management functions described
            in 501.601(b)(5). These officials serve within the limits of their
            delegated authority per 501.601. Acquisition Career Navigators are
            identified on the GSA Acquisition Portal at
            https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p "> “Agency Advocate for Competition” means the Director, Office of
            General Services Acquisition Policy, Integrity, and Workforce within
            the Office of Acquisition Policy.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Agency labor advisor” means the Director of the General Services
            Acquisition Policy Division within the Office of Acquisition
            Policy.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Assigned counsel” means the attorney in the Office of General
            Counsel (including offices of Regional Counsel) assigned to provide
            legal review or assistance.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Acquisition Subject Matter Expert (A-SME)” means a member of the
            acquisition workforce designated in writing by the Head of the
            Contracting Activity who is knowledgeable in one or more key
            acquisition areas, including small business, labor, sustainability,
            and cybersecurity, as described in 501.601(b)(7). The A-SME should
            have expertise demonstrated by years of experience focused on the
            subject matter, a credential or other specialized training. A-SMEs
            are identified on the GSA Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "/>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Acquisition Workforce (AWF)” means individuals who perform various
            acquisition-related functions to support the accomplishment of an
            agency's mission. Acquisition, pursuant to 41 U.S.C. 403, includes,
            among traditional contracting functions, requirements definition,
            measurement of contract performance, and technical and management
            direction. Membership in the AWF may be on a full-time, part-time,
            or occasional basis.<ol class="- topic/ol ">
               <li class="- topic/li "> 
                  <p id="id216AH0R0DL7" class="- topic/p ">
                     <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  Members of the AWF may include:</p>
                  <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0R0PPM" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  Individuals who are substantially
            involved in defining, determining, and managing acquisition
            requirements,</p> 
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0R0S4B" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  Individuals involved in acquisition
            planning and strategy,</p> 
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0R0TE6" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  Individuals who participate in the
            process of establishing the business relationship to obtain needed
            goods and services (e.g., contracting process, those involved in the
            solicitation, evaluation and award of acquisitions),</p> 
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0R0T0A" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>  Individuals who manage the process
            after business arrangements have been established to ensure that the
            government's needs are met (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, testing and evaluating,
            managing and monitoring the manufacturing and production activities,
            auditing, contract administration, performance management and
            evaluation, etc.),</p> 
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0R0U4E" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>  Individuals who arrange disposal of
            any residual items after work is complete, (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, property
            management/disposal),</p> 
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0R0V44" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(6)</ph>  Individuals who support the business
            processes of the activities listed in this paragraph (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.,</i>
            subject matter experts and A-SMEs),</p> 
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(7)</ph> Individuals who have the authority to
            enter into and administer leases on the Government’s behalf,</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0R0WE9" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(8)</ph>  Individuals who directly manage those
            involved in any of the activities listed in this paragraph.</p>
                     </li>
                  </ol> 
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li "> 
                  <p id="id216AH0R0HBL" class="- topic/p ">
                     <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  At a minimum, the acquisition
            workforce of the agency, includes:</p> 
                  <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0R90EX" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  All positions in the general schedule
            contracting series (GS-1102), realty series (GS-1170), and other
            series, as identified by the Chief Acquisition Officer, Senior
            Procurement Executive or Head of Contracting Activity.</p> 
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0RA0YE" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  All contracting officers (CO)
            regardless of general schedule series with authority to obligate
            funds above the micropurchase threshold.</p> 
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0RA0UX" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  All positions in the general schedule
            purchasing series (GS-1105).</p> 
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0RA0LK" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>  Program and project managers, as
            identified by the Chief Acquisition Officer (CAO), the Senior
            Procurement Executive, or HCA.</p> 
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0RB09N" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>  All Contracting Officer's
            Representatives (CORs) or equivalent positions.</p> 
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li "> 
                        <p id="id216AH0RC00A" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(6)</ph>  Any significant acquisition-related
            positions identified by the CAO, Senior Procurement Executive or
            Head of Contracting Activity, or equivalent, using the guidance
            provided in this paragraph.</p> 
                     </li>
                  </ol> 
               </li>
            </ol> 
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p "> “Contracting Activity Advocate for Competition” means an individual
            designated in writing by the Head of the Contracting Activity to
            execute the duties and responsibilities as prescribed by <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/6.502"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">FAR 6.502</xref>. Advocates for competition are
            identified on the GSA Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal."
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "/> 
         </p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Commercial supplier agreements” means terms and
            conditions customarily offered to the public by vendors of supplies
            or services that meets the definition of “commercial products and
            commercial services” set forth in FAR 2.101 and intended to create a
            binding legal obligation on the end user. Commercial supplier
            agreements are particularly common in information technology
            acquisitions, including acquisitions of commercial computer software
            and commercial technical data, but they may apply to any product or
            service. The term applies–</p>
         <ol id="d42e27" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li "> 
               <p id="d41e34" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  Regardless of the format or style of
            the document. For example, a commercial supplier agreement may be
            styled as standard terms of sale or lease, Terms of Service (TOS),
            End User License Agreement (EULA), or another similar legal
            instrument or agreement, and may be presented as part of a proposal
            or quotation responding to a solicitation for a contract or
            order;</p> 
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li "> 
               <p id="d41e43" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  Regardless of the media or delivery
            mechanism used. For example, a commercial supplier agreement may be
            presented as one or more paper documents or may appear on a computer
            or other electronic device screen during a purchase, software
            installation, other product delivery, registration for a service, or
            another transaction.</p> 
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p class="- topic/p "> “Contracting Director” means an individual designated in writing by
            the Head of the Contracting Activity responsible for performing
            contracting functions as described in <xref href="501.601.dita#GSAM_501_601"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">501.601</xref>. Contracting directors
            are identified on the GSA Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "/>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Contracting Executive” means a civilian serving in a position in a
            grade above GS-15 under the General Schedule (or in a comparable or
            higher position under another schedule) designated in writing by an
            HCA with the authority to perform contracting functions as described
            in 501.601. Contracting Executives can be found on the Acquisition
            Contacts and Offices page on the GSA Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/employee-resources/acquisition-purchases-and-payments/acquisition-portal/acquisition-contacts-and-offices"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>. </p>
         <p id="d41e132" class="- topic/p ">“Debarring official” or “suspending official” means the
            individual designated as GSA’s Suspension &amp; Debarment
            Official.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
            "Economic price adjustment (EPA) method" means the agreed upon procedure by which pricing may be adjusted throughout the contract period to include, but not limited to, the mechanism(s) to be used to adjust pricing (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, adjustments based on established pricing), the pricing subject to adjustment, and any other requirements (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, timing, frequency, limits on increases).
         </p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“GSA Information System” means an information system
            owned or operated by the U.S. General Services Administration or by
            a contractor or other organization on behalf of the U.S. General
            Services Administration including:</p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li "> 
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li "> 
                     <p class="- topic/p "> 
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> “Cloud Information System” means information systems developed using cloud computing. Cloud computing is a model for enabling ubiquitous, convenient, on-demand network access to a shared pool of configurable computing resources (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, networks, servers, storage, applications) that can be rapidly provisioned and released with minimal management effort or service provider interaction. Cloud information systems include Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), or Software as a Service (SaaS). Cloud information systems may connect to the GSA network.</p> 
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li "> 
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> “External Information System” means
            information systems that reside in contractor facilities and
            typically do not connect to the GSA network. External information
            systems may be government owned and contractor operated or
            contractor owned and operated on behalf of GSA or the Federal
            Government (when GSA is the managing agency).</p> 
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li "> 
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> “Internal Information System” means
            information systems that reside on premise in GSA facilities and may
            connect to the GSA network. Internal systems are operated on behalf
            of GSA or the Federal Government (when GSA is the managing
            agency).</p> 
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li "> 
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> “Low Impact Software as a Service
            (LiSaaS) System” means cloud applications that are implemented for a
            limited duration, considered low impact and would cause limited harm
            to GSA.</p> 
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li "> 
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph> “Mobile Application” means a type of
            application software designed to run on a mobile device, such as a
            smartphone or tablet computer.</p> 
                  </li>
               </ol> 
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p class="- topic/p "> “Head of the agency” means the official who has been delegated as
            the Head of the Contracting Activity. Under Section 309 of the
            Federal Property and Administrative Services Act, the GSA
            Administrator authorized HCA’s to act as agency head to facilitate
            procurement of property and services under Title III of the Act. If
            statute, regulations or policies (e.g., FAR 6.302-7) preclude such
            action, agency head authority remains with the GSA
            Administrator.</p>
         <p id="d41e139" class="- topic/p ">“Head of the Contracting Activity (HCA)” means the
            official who has overall responsibility for managing the contracting
            activity. These officials serve within the limits of their delegated
            authority per 501.601. HCAs are identified on the GSA Acquisition
            Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref "/>. </p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li "> 
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> For GSA, the GSA Administrator has
            delegated the authority to the Senior Procurement Executive (SPE).
            </p> 
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li "> 
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph> The SPE has redelegated the authority
            to the Chief Administrative Services Officer (CASO) and the
            Commissioners and Deputy Commissioners of the Federal Acquisition
            Service (FAS) and the Public Buildings Service (PBS). The CASO may
            not re-delegate the authority. The FAS and PBS Commissioners and
            Deputy Commissioners may re-delegate the authority down one level.
            </p> 
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li "> 
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph> Redelegations made by FAS and PBS are
            identified on the GSA Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref "/>. </p> 
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li "> 
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph> If statute, regulations or policies
            (e.g., <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/6.302-7"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">FAR 6.302-7</xref>) preclude an agency head
            delegating authority, HCA authority remains with the GSA
            Administrator. </p> 
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p id="id21938H00K5Z" class="- topic/p ">“IN-Depth Feedback through Open Reporting Methods
            (INFORM)” means GSA’s enhanced debrief and explanation communication
            procedures detailed in <xref href="515.370.dita#GSAM_515_370"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">515.370</xref>.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Information System” means a discrete set of
            information resources organized for the collection, processing,
            maintenance, use, sharing, dissemination, or disposition of
            information.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Packaging” means the material used to protect an item. Packaging includes, but is not limited to: brand packaging, grouped packaging, shipping packaging, ancillary packaging, and redundant packaging. </p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>Brand packaging, sales packaging or primary packaging means packaging intended to provide the user or consumer with the individual unit of the product, such as plastic casing.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>Grouped packaging or secondary packaging means packaging intended to bundle, sell in bulk, brand, or market/display products.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>Shipping packaging means packaging that serves as protection for the goods to ensure safe transport to the end customer, including:</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> Ancillary packaging or transport packaging or tertiary packaging means packaging intended to secure the product, such as packing peanuts, wrapping materials, or molded materials. Ancillary packaging (or all shipping packaging) is typically outside of brand packaging.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p "> Redundant packaging or unnecessary packaging means packaging that does not add any measurable protection to the supply being shipped, such as multiple layers of bubble wrap to an already durable product that is encased in a cardboard box. An example of this is a home testing kit with all plastic components already packaged in a cardboard box with cardboard inserts to absorb shock, that is then shipped in multiple layers of bubble wrap. In this example the bubble wrap is the redundant single-use plastic packaging.<ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                           </p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Plastic” means a synthetic or semisynthetic material chemically synthesized by the polymerization of organic substances that can be shaped into various rigid and flexible forms, and includes coatings and adhesives. “Plastic” excludes natural rubber or naturally occurring polymers such as proteins or starches.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Single-use” plastic (SUP) packaging means any plastic used for the containment, protection, handling, delivery, or presentation of goods by a producer for a consumer with the intent of being used once and then discarded, recycled or disposed of immediately after its contents have been used or unpackaged, and typically not refilled or otherwise reused by the producer. Packaging includes, but is not limited to brand packaging, grouped packaging, shipping packaging, ancillary packaging, and redundant packaging.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Single-use plastic (SUP) free packaging” means Single-use plastic (SUP) free packaging means product or shipping containment materials free of single-use plastic. Other attributes of single-use plastic free packaging may include the following: use of minimal materials, will be reused multiple times, or produces less emissions compared to traditional manufacturing or distribution. These additional attributes alone do not qualify as SUP free. Examples may include, but are not limited, to corrugated cardboard, paper products, and paper backed tape.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Senior procurement executive” means the Deputy Chief Acquisition
            Officer.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
