<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_504_1103"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">504.1103</ph> Procedures.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">In addition to the requirements found
in FAR 4.1103, prior to awarding a contractual instrument the contracting
officer must-</p>
			      <ol id="d106e16" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d105e20" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  Verify
that the prospective contractor’s legal business name, Doing-Business-As
(DBA) name (if any), physical street address, and unique entity
identifier, as found in the System for Award Management (SAM), match
the information that will be included in the contract, order, or
agreement resulting from the vendor's quote or proposal. Correct
any mismatches by having the vendor amend the information in the
SAM and/or the quote or proposal.  </p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d105e34" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  Ensure that the contractor’s
address code exists in Pegasys and that it is SAM enabled with the
contractor’s unique entity
identifier. This can be done by searching Pegasys records using
the contractor’s Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN). If no code
exists, request that a new address code be established by the Finance
Center for SAM compliance.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d105e43" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>  Ensure that the contractor’s
identifying information is correctly placed on the contractual instrument,
using special care to ensure that the legal name and “remit to”
name match exactly. (Note: Lockbox names or numbers should not be used
to replace the contractor’s name in the remittance block on the
contractual instrument.)</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d105e52" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph> Unless one of the exceptions to
registration in SAM applies (see FAR 4.1102(a)), the contracting
officer must not award a contract to a prospective contractor who
is not registered in SAM. If no exceptions are applicable, and the
needs of the requiring activity allows for a delay in award, see
FAR 4.1103(b)(1).</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
