<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_504_7004"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title "><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">504.7004</ph> Acquisition Considerations.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li id="RUJRRC" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="ESbVIM" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Acquisition Planning</i>.
For cyber-supply chain risk management acquisition planning considerations,
see <xref href="507.105.dita#GSAM_507_105" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">507.105</xref> (f). </p>
				        </li>
				        <li id="dcus77gc" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="c8uygfpg" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Market
Research</i>. For cyber-supply chain risk management market research
considerations, see <xref href="510.002.dita#GSAM_510_002" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">510.002</xref> (c)
and (d) </p>
				        </li>
				        <li id="pmwia46o" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Evaluation</i>.
As part of evaluating past performance, review the Contractor Performance
Assessment Reporting System (CPARS) for any reported noncompliance
with supply chain requirements and/or otherwise evaluate similar
past performance information in accordance with the policies and
procedures contained in the applicable subpart. </p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="k9pfk2d8" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Pre-award</i>.
Apparent successful offeror. If the apparent successful offeror
responds that it “will” provide or “does” use covered telecommunications
equipment or services in response to the representation provision
at FAR 52.204-24 then, regardless of the offeror’s response to the
SAM representation provision(s) (e.g., FAR 52.204-26, FAR 52.212-3(v)),
clarify with the apparent successful offeror to ensure that it accurately
completed the representation(s). After clarifying the apparent successful
offeror accurately completed the representation(s), follow the procedures
at <xref href="504.7005.dita#GSAM_504_7005" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">504.7005</xref> (c) and consider the
following: </p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li id="b7bnik7m" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> If the contracting officer
determines that awarding to the apparent successful offeror will
result in a violation of the prohibition at FAR 52.204-24(b), the
contracting officer should determine that the offeror is not eligible
for award and should move to the next offeror in line for award. </p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="a5zld48a" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> If the contracting officer
does not identify an eligible offeror, the acquisition team should
explore other acquisition strategies, making a partial award, cancelling
the solicitation, changing the requirement, or finding another approach that
does not involve the use of covered telecommunications equipment
or services. </p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="wcfsjr8e" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> As a last resort, the
acquisition team may consider pursuing a waiver for an offeror.
The acquisition team should contact the appropriate Cyber-Supply
Chain Risk Management Policy Advisor (see <xref href="504.7003.dita#GSAM_504_7003" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">504.7003</xref> (a)) for
assistance and coordination. Instructions for requesting a waiver
are available on the GSA Acquisition Portal (http://insite.gsa.gov/cscrm). </p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
