<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="GSAM_504_1370" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">504.1370</ph> GSA Credentials and Access Management Procedures.</title>
      <conbody id="i1886199" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="id18BUF0XG0JI" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li id="id18BUF0R087M" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="id18BUF0R0EPQ" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> General.</p>
					          <p id="id18BUF400UBT" class="- topic/p ">The
CIO P 2181.1 - GSA HSPD-12 Personal Identity Verification (PIV)
and Credentialing Handbook includes guidance for–</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li id="QEMdaG" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="avZako" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>Managing
contract employee credentials;</p>
						            </li>
                  <li id="jAbSVw" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="oWDgLE" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> Ensuring
contract employee credentials are returned to the GSA Office of
Mission Assurance (OMA) when a contractor employee receives an unfavorable
suitability determination, leaves the contract or when a contract
ends; and</p>
						            </li>
                  <li id="CmgoUC" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="JbhzVp" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> Disabling
access to information technology when a contractor employee leaves
the contract or when a contract ends.</p>
						            </li>
               </ol>
				        </li>
            <li id="EmTaav" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="iNhwcd" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>Delegating
Responsibilities.</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li id="lCTqaN" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="GmInFQ" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> Contracting officers must manage
PIV cards, also referred to as “GSA Access Cards”, provided to contractor employees.
Contracting officers may delegate this authority to a contracting
officer’s representative.</p>
						            </li>
                  <li id="28twcvgb" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="thysseb" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> If
delegated, the contracting officer must ensure any contracting officer's
representative delegation letter includes language for credentials
and access management responsibilities.</p>
						            </li>
                  <li id="jtvlfh4c" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="m9pz8eie" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> The
Government contracting official who requests PIV cards on behalf
of a contractor employee is also referred to as a “requesting official”
pursuant to CIO P 2181.1.</p>
						            </li>
                  <li id="66nkusm" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="lpuoekr" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> Standard
delegation language can be found on GSA's Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                              format="html"
                              scope="external"
                              class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>.</p>
						            </li>
               </ol>
				        </li>
            <li id="5g8dz3aj" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="5x32rpfq" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph> Required
Verifications. There are multiple types of verifications to ensure
only contractor employees who require PIV cards have them.</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li id="sl1a757" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="7u9xg12m" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> Automated
verification.</p>
							              <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li id="6d2wt0a" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="crcprhq" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> Contractors and authorized Government
contracting officials are automatically notified prior to the end
date of the contract period of performance listed in the Office
of Mission Assurance (OMA) system GSA Credentialing and Identity
Management System (GCIMS). PIV cards will be automatically inactivated
30 days after the period of performance.</p>
								                </li>
                        <li id="jq3syk3" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="x9pparff" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> If
the contractor requires a PIV card beyond 30 days after the contract
period of performance, the authorized Government contracting official
must submit a contractor information worksheet (CIW) (GSA Form 850)
to update GCIMS, including appropriate justification.</p>
								                </li>
                        <li id="yexe3hrd" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="vx3zrqry" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph> When
a contractor is made inactive in GCIMS, GCIMS will send an email
to contractors and authorized Government contracting officials notifying
everyone that the contractor PIV card needs to be returned. If the
contractor does not comply with the terms of the automated notification,
the authorized Government contracting official shall take the actions
listed in paragraph (d).</p>
								                </li>
                        <li id="t0xi6015" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="179mao8n" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iv)</ph> The
contracting officer shall include documentation in the contract
file, as necessary.</p>
								                </li>
                     </ol>
						            </li>
                  <li id="w4egfg1h" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="xez9c80k" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> Manual
verification.</p>
							              <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li id="1vocctf" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="fijxqfy" class="- topic/p "> 
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> Authorized Government contracting officials are required to conduct a PIV card review annually or prior to exercising an option (see <xref href="517.207.dita#GSAM_517_207"
                                    outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                                    class="- topic/xref ">517.207</xref>(c)), whichever comes first, to verify the contract information in GCIMS is correct (e.g. contract number, contract period of performance, contractor point of contact).</p>
								                </li>
                        <li id="pvsas2u6" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="z4c8lt9e" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> Authorized
Government contracting officials shall send a letter to contractors
to determine the need for continued access of individual employees
and for return of PIV cards, requesting a response within no more
than 15 business days.</p>
								                </li>
                        <li id="2mpsugcs" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="rzcs5qa" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph> Authorized
Government contracting officials are required to submit a contractor
information worksheet (CIW) (GSA Form 850) to update GCIMS, as necessary.</p>
								                </li>
                        <li id="uylk17m" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="ubzzf9ab" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iv)</ph> The
contracting officer shall include documentation in the contract
file, as necessary.</p>
								                </li>
                     </ol>
						            </li>
               </ol>
				        </li>
            <li id="4xnoyakq" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="albhf8k" class="- topic/p "> 
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph> The authorized Government contracting official shall take the following actions when <ph rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">a contractor fails to</ph> return PIV cards.</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li id="vz1hmo4t" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="x9c7havp" class="- topic/p "> 
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> Withhold Final Payment<ph rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">.</ph> COs may delay final payment under a contract if the contractor fails to comply with the PIV card requirements in accordance with paragraph (c) of FAR 52.204-9.</p>
						            </li>
                  <li id="otajs64" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="ytjt9ona" class="- topic/p "> 
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> Contractor Performance Assessment Rating System (CPARS)<ph rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">.</ph> 
                        <ph rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">The Contracting Officer shall include within CPARS evaluations instances where a contractor fails to return a PIV card or other Government Furnished Equipment (GFE). This information shall be noted within the narrative of the CPARS "Regulatory Compliance" contractor performance evaluation factor (see subpart 542.15).</ph> 
                     </p>
						            </li>
                  <li id="ldyuftd" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="ko6dyp9l" class="- topic/p "> 
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> Suspension/Debarment Referral Considerations<ph rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">.</ph> For willful non-compliance, the CO shall refer the contractor to the Suspension and Debarment Official (SDO). The SDO will review the complaint and decide whether or not action should be taken against the contractor.</p>
						            </li>
                  <li id="25sswfui" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="e1fgj0wg" class="- topic/p "> 
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> Termination Considerations<ph rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">.</ph> If the contractor shows a pattern of willful non-compliance regarding PIV card requirements during the performance of the contract (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, annual review of PIV cards), the CO may terminate the contract.</p>
						            </li>
               </ol>
				        </li>
            <li id="f43t6ac" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="9z5tuupb" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph> The
CIO P 2181.1 - GSA HSPD-12 Personal Identity Verification and Credentialing
Handbook, as well as additional resources for implementing the credentials
and access management requirements, can be found on the Acquisition
Portal at: <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/hspd12inprocurement"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/hspd12inprocurement</xref>.</p>
				        </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
