<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="GSAM_511_602"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">511.602</ph> General.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d205e13" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d203e17" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  The
purpose of the DPAS is to assure the timely availability of industrial
resources to meet current national defense, energy, and civil emergency
preparedness program requirements and to provide an operating system
to support rapid industrial response in a national emergency. The
primary statutory authority for the DPAS is Title I of the Defense
Production Act of 1950, as amended, with additional authority from
the Selective Service Act of 1948 and the Robert T. Stafford Disaster
Relief and Emergency Assistance Act. Executive Orders 12919 and
12742 delegate to the DOC authority to administer the DPAS. Within
the DOC, the Office of Strategic Industries and Economic Security
(SIES) is assigned responsibility for DPAS implementation, administration,
and compliance.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d203e26" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph> The DPAS is published in the Code
of Federal Regulations at 15 CFR 700. This regulation provides an
overview, a detailed explanation of operations and procedures, and
other implementing guidance, including information on special priorities
assistance and compliance.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d203e35" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>  Orders placed under
DPAS are “rated orders.” Rated orders must receive preferential
treatment only as necessary to meet delivery requirements. Rated
orders are identified by a rating symbol of either “DX” or “DO”
followed by a program identification symbol. All “DO” rated orders
have equal priority with each other and take preference over unrated
orders. All “DX” rated orders have equal priority with each other
and take preference over “DO” rated orders and unrated orders. A
program identification symbol indicates which approved program is
supported by the rated order.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d203e44" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>  The authority delegated
to GSA shall not be used to support the procurement of any product or service that—</p>
               <ol id="d205e50" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d203e54" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  Are
commonly available in commercial markets for general consumption;</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d203e63" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  Do not require major
modification when purchased for approved program use;</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d203e72" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  Are readily available
in sufficient quantity so as to cause no delay in meeting approved
program requirements; or</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d203e81" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>  Are to be used primarily
for administrative purposes (including Federal Supply Classification
(FSC) classes, groups, or items), such as for personnel or financial
management. The Commissioner, FAS, shall issue additional guidance,
as may be necessary, to ensure effective implementation of its delegated
DPAS authority.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
