<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_511_603"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">511.603</ph> Procedures.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol id="d206e13" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p id="d204e17" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> A DPAS rating may be placed against an entire contract at time of award or an individual order issued under an existing, otherwise unrated, contract. FAR 11.604 requires contracting officers to insert the provision at 52.211-14, Notice of Priority Rating for National Defense, Emergency Preparedness, and Energy Program Use, in solicitations when the contract or order to be awarded will be a rated order and to insert the clause at 52.211-15, Defense Priority and Allocation Requirements, in contracts that are rated orders.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p id="d204e26" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph> In addition to the FAR provision and clause referenced in paragraph (a) of this section, the contract or order must include the following (see 15 CFR 700.12):</p>
					          <ol id="d206e32" class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
							              <p id="d204e36" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  The appropriate priority rating symbol (i.e., either “DO” or “DX”) along with the program identification symbol. When GSA contracting officers place DO rated orders, they must use program identification symbol “K1”. When placing a DX-rated order for other agencies, GSA contracting officers must use the requesting agency program identification symbol from the DoD Master Urgency List and may only do so when GSA is acting as the procuring agent for DoD or DoE and has received a “DX” rated contract or order from either department.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
							              <p id="d204e45" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  A required delivery date. The words “as soon as possible” or “immediately” do not constitute a required delivery date. Use of either a specific date or a specified number of days ARO (after receipt of order) is acceptable.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
							              <p id="d204e54" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  The written signature on a manually placed order, or the digital signature or name on an electronically placed order of an individual authorized to place rated orders.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
							              <p id="d204e63" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> A statement that reads substantially as follows: “This is a rated order certified for national defense use, and you are required to follow all the provisions of the Defense Priorities and Allocations System regulation (15 CFR 700)”.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p id="d204e74" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>  Multiple and Single Award Schedule contracts are not rated at time of award.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR"/>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
