<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita><concept id="GSAM_516_505"><title><ph props="autonumber">516.505</ph> Ordering.</title><conbody><ol><li id="JodjcD"><p id="3q121hp"><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph><i>Use of Lowest Price Technically
Acceptable</i>. Lowest price technically acceptable may be a useful
evaluation process when placing task or delivery orders. FAR <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-16#FAR_16_505" format="html" scope="external">16.505</xref>(b)(1)(ii)(F)
prescribes when this process is appropriate to use. For assisted
acquisitions for DoD, DFARS <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/dfars/part-216-types-contracts#DFARS-216.505" format="html" scope="external">216.505</xref>(b)(1)(A) prescribes
the required LPTA considerations. A contracting officer should not
use this process without doing the following:</p><ol><li id="u0e9jfs"><p id="cqhhe4c1"><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph><i>Documentation
requirements</i>. If the contract’s ordering instructions allow
for the use of the lowest price technically acceptable, the rationale
for why this method of evaluation is being utilized should be clearly
described in the acquisition plan (see FAR <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-7#FAR_7_105" format="html" scope="external">7.105</xref>(b)(4)). The
rationale should include a description as to why utilizing this
methodology will not harm the Government.</p></li></ol></li><li><p id="a4le8x0d"><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph><i>Task-order
and delivery-order ombudsman</i>. C</p><ol><li><p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph><ph rev="CHANGE 156 DECEMBER 2, 2022"><i>Contract Level</i>. For
solicitations and contracts when GSA multiple-award indefinite-delivery
indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contracts are contemplated, contracting
officers shall reference <xref href="http://www.gsa.gov/ombudsman" format="html" scope="external">http://www.gsa.gov/ombudsman</xref> when
completing paragraph (a) of FAR clause <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/part-52#FAR_52_216_32" format="html" scope="external">52.216-32</xref>, Task-Order
and Delivery-Order Ombudsman.</ph></p></li><li><p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> <ph rev="CHANGE 156 DECEMBER 2, 2022"><i>Order Level</i></ph>.</p><ol><li><p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph><ph rev="CHANGE 156 DECEMBER 2, 2022"><i>GSA orders</i>.
For task and delivery orders placed by GSA under multiple-award,
multiple-agency IDIQ contracts, contracting officers shall reference <xref href="http://www.gsa.gov/ombudsman" format="html" scope="external">http://www.gsa.gov/ombudsman</xref> when
completing paragraph (d) of Alternate I FAR Clause 52.216-32.</ph></p></li><li><p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph><ph rev="CHANGE 156 DECEMBER 2, 2022"><i>Non-GSA orders</i>.
For task and delivery orders placed by agencies other than GSA under
GSA multiple-award, multiple-agency IDIQ contracts, ordering activity
contracting officers shall reference the contact information of
that ordering agency's task-order and delivery-order ombudsman when
completing paragraph (d) of Alternate I FAR Clause 52.216-32.</ph></p></li></ol></li></ol></li></ol></conbody></concept></dita>