<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="GSAM_519_705_6" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">519.705-6</ph> Postaward responsibilities of the contracting officer.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d377e16" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d373e20" rev="Change 182 June 27, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>   If multiple contracting officers are responsible for contract administration (e.g., ACO and PCO), the responsibilities outlined in FAR 19.705-6 must be clearly documented (e.g., in the contract administration plan).</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d373e29" rev="Change 182 June 27, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Subcontracting plan reports</i>.</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p rev="Change 182 June 27, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>Contracting officers are responsible for ensuring the contractors submit timely and accurate reports in the electronic Subcontract Reporting System (eSRS) and ensuring the contractor submitted the correct type of report(s) for the type of subcontracting plan in the contract. Failing to submit reports may indicate a lack of a good faith effort. </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p rev="Change 182 June 27, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>Examples of what to look for when reviewing commercial and/or individual subcontracting plan reports can be found on the OSDBU subcontracting page at https://insite.gsa.gov/subcontracting.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p rev="Change 182 June 27, 2024" class="- topic/p ">Real property Lessors shall use the Standard Form (SF) 294 instead of the ISR in eSRS to report subcontracting achievements. Use of the SF-294 by contractors to report cumulative subcontracting achievement under a GSA contract should be rare.<ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d373e38" rev="Change 182 June 27, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Small business participation compliance</i>. If a small business participation factor is utilized for evaluation (see 515.304), it should be monitored as part of contract administration.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d373e47" rev="Change 182 June 27, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Re-representation</i>. While re-representation does not apply to acquisitions for leasehold interest in real property, leasing contracting officers may consider obtaining a subcontracting plan from other than small business lessors as a result of novations or mergers. </p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
