<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
	  <concept id="GSAM_536_602_2" audience="GSAM">
		    <title class="- topic/title ">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">536.602-2</ph> Evaluation boards.</title>
		    <conbody>
			      <ol id="d643e13">
				        <li>
					          <p id="d637e17">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>   Architect-engineer evaluation board members must be experts in the fields of architecture, engineering or related design professions, such as landscape architecture, urban design and interior design, except as provided in <ph rev="CHANGE 163 FEBRUARY 13, 2023">paragraph (b)(3).</ph> Board members must also collectively have expertise in construction, government, and related acquisition matters.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li>
					          <p id="d637e28">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>   The majority of the board members must be GSA employees. Evaluation boards must not exceed five (5) voting members. If fewer, the board must have an odd number of voting members. The voting members of the evaluation board shall include:</p>
               <ol id="d643e43">
                  <li>
                     <p id="d637e47">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>   One (1) highly qualified architect or a related design professional employed by GSA.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                     <p id="d637e56">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>   One (1) highly qualified engineer employed by GSA.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                     <p id="d637e65">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>   One (1) representative of the Chief Architect of GSA <ph rev="CHANGE 163 FEBRUARY 13, 2023">or another GSA design professional.</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                     <p
                        id="d637e74"> <ph
                        props="autonumber"
                        class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>  <ph
                        rev="CHANGE 163 FEBRUARY 13, 2023">Consistent with <xref
                        href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/36.602-2"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external">FAR 36.602-2</xref>(a), private practitioners (<i>e.g.</i>, GSA National Register of Peer Professionals, regional architecture professionals, community representatives).</ph> </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li id="i1880405">
					          <p id="d637e37">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>   <ph rev="CHANGE 163 FEBRUARY 13, 2023">A maximum of one (1) representative of the client organization(s), at the client’s option[, if applicable, may participate as a voting member in the activities of the evaluation board. Although not mandatory, GSA strongly recommends that this voting member be a highly qualified design professional.</ph>
               </p>
				        </li>
				        <li id="i1880413">
					          <p id="d637e94">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
						            
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             A maximum of two (2) non-voting advisors may participate in all activities of the evaluation board except voting. The client organization(s) may have only one (1) non-voting advisor to the board. The GSA may also have one non-voting advisor.</p>
				        </li>
            <li>
               <p>
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph> 
                  <ph rev="CHANGE 163 FEBRUARY 13, 2023">Contracting officers should attend all board meetings and all external communications shall route through the contracting officer.</ph>
               </p>
            </li>
				        <li>
					          <p id="d637e103">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>  Other <ph rev="CHANGE 163 FEBRUARY 13, 2023">than the individuals appointed under paragraphs (b) through (e),</ph> there must be no other advisors, or participants in the official activities of the board.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li>
					          <p id="d637e119">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph>  <ph rev="CHANGE 163 FEBRUARY 13, 2023">The selection authority officially appoints the evaluation board members.</ph>
               </p>
				        </li>
				        <li>
					          <p id="d637e128">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(h)</ph>  <ph rev="CHANGE 163 FEBRUARY 13, 2023">Each board member, including advisors, must sign a “Conflict of Interest Acknowledgement and Nondisclosure Agreement” (<xref href="515.305-71.dita#GSAM_515_305_71/fig_515_3_1"
                           outputclass="fm:TEXT">515.305-71 Actions before releasing proposals.</xref>) before the activities of the board commence. No person may serve as a board member if that person or any member of that person’s family has any direct financial or employment interest in any of the firms being evaluated. The board member is responsible for identifying any possible conflict of interest once the competing architect-engineer firms have been identified. If a conflict of interest is identified, the contracting officer shall determine whether to disqualify the member from the board.</ph>
               </p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
