<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
	  <concept id="GSAM_536_7002_2" audience="GSAM">
		    <title xtrc="GSAM" xtrf="GSAM">
         <ph props="autonumber">536.7002-2</ph> Public announcement.</title>
		    <conbody>
			      <ol>
				        <li>
					          <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  <i>Governmentwide
point of entry.</i> The contracting officer shall make the art in
architecture synopsis and solicitation available through the System
for Award Management Contract Opportunities at <xref href="https://www.sam.gov" format="html" scope="external">https://www.sam.gov</xref>.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li>
					          <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  <i>Timeline for posting
synopsis.</i> Except as provided in FAR <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/subpart-6.3" format="html" scope="external">6.3</xref>, the synopsis shall be published
at least 15 days before issuance of a solicitation, if the proposed
contract action is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition
threshold.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li>
					          <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  <i>Synopsis content.</i> The
art in architecture synopsis shall include at a minimum:</p>
					          <ol>
						            <li>
							              <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                         General description
of the project and purpose of the art in architecture acquisition;</p>
						            </li><li><p><ph
props="autonumber"
class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> <ph
rev="Change 198 April 29, 2025">Statement that:</ph></p><ol id="ol_hdq_5n4_cfc"><li><p><ph
props="autonumber"
class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> <ph
rev="Change 198 April 29, 2025">Priority should be given to public-facing monuments to former Presidents of the United States and to individuals and events relating to the discovery of America, the founding of the United States, and the abolition of slavery;</ph></p></li><li><p><ph
props="autonumber"
class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> <ph
rev="Change 198 April 29, 2025">Works of art should be designed to be appreciated by the general public and by those who use and interact with Federal buildings; and</ph> </p></li><li><p><ph
props="autonumber"
class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph> <ph
rev="Change 198 April 29, 2025">When a statue or work of art commissioned is meant to depict a historically significant American, the statue or work of art shall be a lifelike or realistic representation of that person, not an abstract or modernist representation;</ph> </p></li></ol></li>
						            <li>
							              <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                         Magnitude of the project
( <i>i.e.</i>, construction price range, see FAR <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/36.204" format="html" scope="external">36.204</xref> and <xref href="536.204.dita#GSAM_536_204" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">536.204</xref>),
and the limitations of art in architecture funding ( <i>e.g.</i>,
0.5 percent of the project total);</p>
						            </li>
						            <li>
							              <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                         Invitation for potential
offerors to join the GSA National Artists Registry, providing information
to allow GSA to advise artists about their potential to be viable
competitors;</p>
						            </li>
						            <li>
							              <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>
                         Description of the
phased evaluation or other evaluation method. All procurements using
a phased evaluation must provide clear detail of the evaluation
factors which are relevant for each phase and must include pricing;</p>
						            </li>
						            <li>
							              <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(6)</ph>
                         Technical criteria
to be used to evaluate artists for the acquisition;</p>
						            </li>
						            <li>
							              <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(7)</ph>
                         Request for a price
proposal; and</p>
						            </li>
						            <li>
							              <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(8)</ph>
                         Submission deadline(s)
to submit information for consideration.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li>
					          <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  <i>Synopsis approval process.</i> Prior
to publication of the art in architecture synopsis, the contracting
officer shall coordinate with the project manager and fine arts
officer for approval.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li>
					          <p><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>
                  
                  <i>Timeline for posting
solicitation.</i> Except as provided in FAR <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/subpart-6.3" format="html" scope="external">6.3</xref>, the contracting officer shall
allow at least a 30-day response time for receipt of proposals from
the date of issuance of a solicitation, if the proposed contract
action is expected to exceed the simplified acquisition threshold.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>