<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_536_7003_2"
            audience="GSAM"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title xtrc="GSAM" xtrf="GSAM" class="- topic/title ">
			      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">536.7003-2</ph> Evaluation
board.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> Art
in architecture evaluation board members should collectively have
distinct expertise relevant to the project, including knowledge
of artwork and its long term care, the architect-engineer design
philosophy for the project, the programmatic and functional needs
of the Federal client, and the character of the community in which
the project is located.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph> Evaluation boards
shall not exceed five (5) voting members.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph> A maximum of one
(1) representative of the client organization(s), at the client’s
option, may participate as a voting member in the activities of
the evaluation board.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph> Evaluation boards
shall not exceed two (2) non-voting advisors. The non-voting advisors
may include the same individuals from the Art in Architecture Panel.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph> Consistent with
FAR 7.503(c)(12)(ii), private practitioners (e.g., GSA National
Register of Peer Professionals, regional art professionals, community
representatives) may participate as non-voting advisors in the activities
of the evaluation board.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph> Other than the
individuals appointed under paragraphs (a) through (e), there must
be no other advisors or participants in the official activities
of the board.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph> The selection
authority officially appoints the evaluation board members.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(h)</ph> Each board member
must sign a “Conflict of Interest Acknowledgement and Nondisclosure
Agreement” (Figure 515.3-1) before the activities of the board commence.
No person may serve as a board member if that person or any member of
that person’s family has any direct financial or employment interest
in any of the artists being evaluated. The board member is responsible
for identifying any possible conflict of interest once the competing
artists have been identified. If a conflict of interest is identified,
the contracting officer shall determine whether to disqualify that
member from the board.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
