<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_537_504"
            audience="GSAM"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title "><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">537.504</ph> Contracting officials' responsibilities.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="id216GF0U0I30" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> Below is a non-exhaustive
list of techniques the acquisition team can use to effectively manage
and oversee service contracts, while avoiding the appearance of
prohibited personal service contracts described in <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/37.104" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">FAR 37.104</xref>(d)—</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216GF0V01RO" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> Identification. Have contractor
staff clearly identify themselves as contractors in both email signature
lines and identity badges.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216GF0V03E9" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> Communication of roles and
responsibilities. During the contract kickoff meeting let the contractor
and their personnel know how work assignments will be communicated
and who should be included in the communication.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216GF0V044Y" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> Clear terms and conditions.
Clearly define performance roles, expectations, and deliverables
in the terms and conditions of the contract. Have terms and conditions
specify that the contractor supervise their staff onsite when feasible.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216GF0V05XW" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> Contract type. Firm fixed
price (FFP) contract type is preferable for work performed that
could have the appearance of personal services, since other contract
types require more Government oversight which could lead to the
appearance of personal services; however all contract types are
susceptible to perceptions that can prompt personal services.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216GF0V05QN" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph> Limit who can assign work.
Contractor assignments should be communicated by the contracting
officer, or COR, directly to one representative for the contractor
(such as a contractor's team lead or program manager).</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216GF0V05BI" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(6)</ph> Avoid ad hoc work assignments.
Avoid ad hoc work assignments which can create a personal services
relationship, and may also cause "scope creep" to the contract,
which places the Government at risk of a future claim.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216GF0V08BI" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(7)</ph> Do not provide managerial
or administrative support to contractors. To avoid the appearance
of personal services, do not approve contractor staff's performance
plans or leave. </p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216GF30K0X4" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(8)</ph> Computer system access. Avoid
personal services by limiting the electronic systems, and roles
within systems, that contractors may have access to (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>,
do not provide approval access in any system in which there may
be an obligation of funds, such as a contract writing system).</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
