<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="GSAM_542_1570_6" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024"> 
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">542.1570-6</ph> GSA CPARS Agency Points of Contact responsibilities.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/p ">GSA CPARS Agency Points of Contacts are responsible for providing administrative oversight of their respective Service’s or Staff Office’s reporting of contractor performance evaluation and integrity information. The following are the primary responsibilities of this role—</p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>Quarterly (or more frequent) monitoring the respective Service or Staff Office’s compliance with reporting of contractor performance evaluations and integrity information as required by FAR subpart 42.15 and this subpart.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>Promptly resolving any noncompliance identified through the monitoring process.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>Using tools (e.g., CPARS metric and SAM.gov tools) to measure the quality and timely reporting of contractor performance and integrity information.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>Providing system access to CPARS Focal Points, managers, and other authorized users as necessary, and ensuring access is timely removed or updated when appropriate.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>Assigning and reassigning contracts/orders to CPARS Focal Points as needed.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>Facilitating interagency contract transfers in coordination with the GSA CPARS Department Point of Contact and the CPARS Help Desk.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph>Providing, as needed, support to CPARS Focal Points.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(h)</ph>Consolidating CPARS Focal Point feedback and coordinating system improvement suggestions with the GSA Department CPARS Point of Contact.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>Coordinating with the GSA Department CPARS Point of Contact to remove contracts from CPARS, as needed.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p rev="Change 192 October 28, 2024" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(j)</ph>Ensuring contracts not required to be reported in CPARS are tracked and managed.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
