<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept audience="GSAR" class="- topic/topic concept/concept " ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" id="GSAM_552_232_77">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.232-77</ph> Payment
By Government Charge Card.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph "><xref class="- topic/xref " href="532.7003.dita#GSAM_532_7003" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">532.7003</xref></ph>,
insert the following clause:</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">Payment By Government
Charge Card (Nov 2009)</p>
			      <ol class="- topic/ol " id="d847e21">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d839e26">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>.
“Governmentwide commercial purchase card” means a uniquely numbered
charge card issued by a contractor under the GSA SmartPay® program
contract for Fleet, Travel, and Purchase Card Services to named
individual Government employees or entities to pay for official
Government purchases.</p>
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d839e38">“Oral
order” means an order placed orally either in person or by telephone.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d839e47">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    At the option of the
Government and if agreeable to the Contractor, payments of <cite class="- topic/cite " outputclass="SingleLine" xtrc="552.232-77_d885e45">_____</cite>* or less for oral or
written orders may be made using the Governmentwide commercial purchase
card.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d839e56">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    The Contractor shall
not process a transaction for payment using the charge card until
the purchased supplies have been shipped or services performed.
Unless the cardholder requests correction or replacement of a defective
or faulty item under other contract requirements, the Contractor
must immediately credit a cardholder’s account for items returned
as defective or faulty.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d839e65">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    Payments made using
the Governmentwide commercial purchase card are not eligible for
any negotiated prompt payment discount. Payment made using a Government
debit card will receive the applicable prompt payment discount.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ital">*Enter amount not to exceed
$100,000.</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>