<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            id="GSAM_552_236_71">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR" xtrf="GSAR">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.236-71</ph> Contractor
                  Responsibilities.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="zGgxHI">As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref class="- topic/xref "
                     href="536.571.dita#GSAM_536_571"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">536.571</xref>
            </ph>, insert the following clause:</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/p "
            id="XUXiux"
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">Contractor Responsibilities (Mar 2019)</p>
			      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="JYRNkt">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="FWlVQq">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(a)</ph>The
                                    Contractor shall be responsible for compliance with applicable
                                    codes, standards and regulations pertaining to the health and
                                    safety of personnel during performance of the contract.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="UeTfIo">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="kKoCnD">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(b)</ph>Unless
                                    expressly stated otherwise in the contract, the Contractor shall
                                    be responsible for all means and methods employed in the
                                    performance of the contract.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="eODaSI">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="QRZvUv">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(c)</ph>The
                                    Contractor shall immediately bring to the Contracting Officer's
                                    attention any hazardous materials or conditions not disclosed in
                                    the contract documents discovered by or made known to the
                                    Contractor during the performance of the contract.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="pAvCWS">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="sOizvH">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(d)</ph>The
                                    Contractor shall be responsible for providing professional
                                    design services in connection with performance of the work or
                                    portions of the work only if this responsibility is expressly
                                    stated in the contract, and the contract documents provide the
                                    performance and design criteria that such services will be
                                    required to satisfy. In the performance of such work, the
                                    Contractor shall be responsible for retaining licensed design
                                    professionals, who shall sign and seal all drawings,
                                    calculations, specifications and other submittals that the
                                    licensed professional prepares. The Contractor shall be
                                    responsible for, and GSA shall be entitled to rely upon, the
                                    adequacy and completeness of all professional design services
                                    provided under the contract.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="RPAcuo">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="PeXBvz">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(e)</ph>Where
                                    installation of separate work components as shown in the
                                    contract will result in conflict or interference between such
                                    components or with existing conditions, including allowable
                                    tolerances, it is the Contractor's responsibility to bring such
                                    conflict or interference to the attention of the Contracting
                                    Officer and seek direction before fabrication, construction, or
                                    installation of any affected work. If the Contractor fabricates,
                                    constructs, or installs any work prior to receiving such
                                    direction, the Contractor shall be responsible for all cost and
                                    time incurred to resolve or mitigate such conflict or
                                    interference.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="TmPpJx">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="UPAfcj">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(f)</ph>Where
                                    drawings show work without specific routing, dimensions,
                                    locations, or position relative to other work or existing
                                    conditions, and such information is not specifically defined by
                                    reference to specifications or other information supplied in the
                                    contract, the Contractor is responsible for routing,
                                    dimensioning, and locating such work in coordination with other
                                    work or existing conditions in a manner consistent with contract
                                    requirements.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="RHshxq">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="opoTwU">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(g)</ph>It is not the
                                    Contractor's responsibility to ensure that the contract
                                    documents comply with applicable laws, statutes, building codes
                                    and regulations. If it comes to the attention of the Contractor
                                    that any of the contract documents do not comply with such
                                    requirements, the Contractor shall promptly notify the
                                    Contracting Officer in writing. If the Contractor performs any
                                    of the work prior to notifying and receiving direction from the
                                    Contracting Officer, the Contractor shall assume full
                                    responsibility for correction of such work, and any fees or
                                    penalties that may be assessed for non-compliance.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/p "
            id="aLytMa"
            outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
			      <section class="- topic/section " outputclass="Alternate"><?FM MARKER [Alt] Start?>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="WyLOjw"
               outputclass="NoIndent">
					          <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Alternate I</i> (<ph outputclass="SmCaps">Dec</ph> 2022). As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph ">
                  <xref class="- topic/xref "
                        href="536.571.dita#GSAM_536_571"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">536.571</xref>
               </ph>(a), substitute the
                              following paragraphs (d), (e), (f), and (g) for paragraphs (d), (e),
                              (f), and (g) of the basic clause: </p>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="nHtzIZ"
               outputclass="List1">(d)
                              The Contractor shall be responsible for providing professional design
                              services unless this responsibility is expressly excluded from the
                              contract. In the performance of such work, the Contractor shall be
                              responsible for retaining licensed design professionals, who shall
                              sign and seal all drawings, calculations, specifications and other
                              submittals that the licensed professional prepares. The Contractor
                              shall be responsible for, and GSA shall be entitled to rely upon, the
                              adequacy and completeness of all professional design services provided
                              under the contract.</p>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="xOOSpW"
               outputclass="List1">(e)
                              The Contractor's responsibilities include the responsibilities of the
                              Architect-Engineer Contractor, as specified in FAR 52.236-23.</p>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="kfXpgy"
               outputclass="List1">(f)
                              The Contractor shall include in all subcontracts that require
                              professional design services express terms establishing GSA as a third
                              party beneficiary. No other person shall be deemed a third party
                              beneficiary of the contract.</p>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="zewZOu"
               outputclass="List1">(g)
                              The Contractor shall determine whether the information contained in
                              the contract documents complies with applicable laws, statutes,
                              building codes and regulations. If it comes to the attention of the
                              Contractor that any of the contract documents do not comply with such
                              requirements, the Contractor shall promptly notify the Contracting
                              Officer in writing. If the Contractor performs any of the work prior
                              to notifying and receiving direction from the Contracting Officer, the
                              Contractor shall assume full responsibility for correction of such
                              work, and any fees or penalties that may be assessed for
                              non-compliance.</p>
							     <?FM MARKER [Alt] End?>
							     <?FM MARKER [Alt] Start?>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="id201IA0FK0A0"
               outputclass="NoIndent">
               <i>Alternate II</i> 
               <ph outputclass="SmCaps">(Jan 2020)</ph>. As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph ">
                  <xref base="id1941F0V035U"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        href="536.571.dita#GSAM_536_571"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">536.571</xref>
               </ph>(b), delete paragraphs (d), (e), (f), and (g) of
                              the basic clause, and insert paragraphs (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i),
                              and (j) as follows:</p>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="id201IA0G20LU"
               outputclass="List1">(d) The Contractor shall be responsible for performing the design
                              phase services in accordance with the statement of work. The
                              Contractor shall submit all deliverables and reports in accordance
                              with the statement of work.</p>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="id201IA0H001A"
               outputclass="List1">(e) The Contractor shall be responsible to review all design
                              information (e.g. draft specifications and drawings) provided. The
                              Contractor shall be responsible for determining that the project as
                              described in the design information is constructible using
                              commercially practicable means and methods; that the construction work
                              is described in the design documents with sufficient completeness to
                              enable pricing of a complete project within the guaranteed maximum
                              price; and that the manner of presentation and organization of
                              information in the design documents enables accurate estimation of the
                              cost of the work.</p>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="id201IA0H06P6"
               outputclass="List1">(f) Prior to establishment of the final estimated cost of work, the
                              Contractor shall bring to the Contracting Officer's attention all
                              instances that it has discovered or has been made aware of where
                              design errors and omissions affect the Contractor's ability to
                              accurately estimate the cost of the work.</p>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="id201IA0H0A1C"
               outputclass="List1">(g) Where installation of separate work components as shown in the
                              contract will result in conflict or interference between such
                              components or with existing conditions, including allowable
                              tolerances, it is the Contractor's responsibility to bring such
                              conflict or interference to the attention of the Contracting Officer
                              and seek direction before fabrication, construction, or installation
                              of any affected work. If the Contractor fabricates, constructs, or
                              installs any work prior to receiving such direction, the Contractor
                              shall be responsible for all cost and time incurred to resolve or
                              mitigate such conflict or interference.</p>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="id201IA0H0EVU"
               outputclass="List1">(h) Where drawings show work without specific routing, dimensions,
                              locations, or position relative to other work or existing conditions,
                              and such information is not specifically defined by reference to
                              specifications or other information supplied in the contract, the
                              Contractor is responsible for routing, dimensioning, and locating such
                              work in coordination with other work or existing conditions in a
                              manner consistent with contract requirements.</p>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="id201IA0H0I1L"
               outputclass="List1">(i) It is not the Contractor's responsibility to ensure that the
                              contract documents comply with applicable laws, statutes, building
                              codes and regulations. If it comes to the attention of the Contractor
                              that any of the contract documents do not comply with such
                              requirements, the Contractor shall promptly notify the Contracting
                              Officer in writing. If the Contractor performs any of the work prior
                              to notifying and receiving direction from the Contracting Officer, the
                              Contractor shall assume full responsibility for correction of such
                              work, and any fees or penalties that may be assessed for
                              non-compliance.</p>
				        <p audience="GSAR"
               class="- topic/p "
               id="id201IA0H0MV3"
               outputclass="List1">(j) The Contractor is responsible to construct the project in
                              accordance with the drawings and specifications. The final Estimated
                              Cost of the Construction Work (ECW) may be determined based upon
                              incomplete design documents. In those instances in which the drawings
                              and specifications are not complete at the time the final ECW is
                              established, the Contractor shall exercise reasonable care and
                              judgment to determine the intent of the design and shall calculate the
                              final ECW on the basis of the quality of construction, materials, and
                              finishes that can be reasonably inferred from the design documents or
                              other specified sources.</p>
                        <?FM MARKER [Alt] End?>
			      </section>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
