<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            id="GSAM_552_242_70">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.242-70</ph> Status
Report of Orders and Shipments.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="yxCqiK">As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref class="- topic/xref "
                     href="542.1107.dita#GSAM_542_1107"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">542.1107</xref>
            </ph>,
insert the following clause:</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/p "
            id="DaACMH"
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">
            Status Report of Orders
and Shipments (FEB 2009)
         </p>
			      <ol class="- topic/ol " id="d886e21">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="HPOHwg">
					          <p audience="GSAR GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d878e26">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(a)</ph>The
Contractor shall furnish to the Administrative Contracting Officer
(ACO) a report covering orders received and shipments made during
each calendar month of contract performance. The information required
by the Government shall be reported on <xref class="- topic/xref "
                        format="html"
                        href="http://uscode.house.gov/browse.xhtml;jsessionid=114A3287C7B3359E597506A31FC855B3"
                        scope="external">GSAForm1678</xref>, Status
Report of Orders and Shipments, in accordance with instructions
on the form. The information required by the GSAForm1678 may also
be submitted in an automated printout form if authorized by the
ACO. Alternatively, the required information may be reported by
electronic data interchange using ANSI standards. For further information,
contact GSA, Contract Administration Division. Reports shall be
forwarded to the ACO no later than the seventh workday of the succeeding
month.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="wbxMYH">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d878e43">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(b)</ph>A copy of GSA Form 1678 will be
forwarded to the Contractor with the contract. Additional copies
of the form, if needed, may be reproduced by the Contractor.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/p "
            id="chsBgO"
            outputclass="Endofclause">(End
of clause)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
