<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            id="GSAM_552_223_73">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.223-73</ph> Preservation, Packaging, Packing, Marking, and Labeling of Hazardous Materials (HAZMAT) For Shipments.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph "> <xref class="- topic/xref " href="523.303.dita#GSAM_523_303" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">523.303</xref> </ph>(c),
insert the following clause:</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">Preservation, Packaging,
Packing, Marking, and Labeling of Hazardous Materials (HAZMAT) For
Shipments (Jun 2015)</p>
			      <ol class="- topic/ol " id="d830e21">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e26"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(a)</ph><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition</i>.
“United States,” as used in this clause, means the 48 adjoining
U.S. States, Alaska, Hawaii, and U.S. territories and possessions,
such as Puerto Rico.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e38"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(b)</ph> Preservation, packaging,
packing, marking, and labeling of hazardous materials for export
shipment outside the United States in all transport modes shall
comply with the following, as applicable:</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol " id="d830e43">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e48"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph> International Maritime
Dangerous Goods (IMDG) Code as established by the International
Maritime Organization (IMO).</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e57"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph> U.S. Department of Transportation
(DOT) Hazardous Material Regulation (HMR) 49 CFR parts 171 through
180. (Note: Classifications permitted by the HMR, but not permitted
by the IMDG code, such as Consumer Commodities classed as ORM-D,
shall be packaged in accordance with the IMDG Code and dual-marked
with both Consumer Commodity and IMDG marking and labeling.)</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e66"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(3)</ph> Occupational Safety and Health
Administration (OSHA) Regulation 29 CFR 1910.1200.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e75"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(4)</ph> International Air Transport
Association (IATA), Dangerous Goods Regulation and/or International
Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), Technical Instructions.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e84"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(5)</ph> AFMAN 24-204, Air Force
Inter-Service Manual, Preparing Hazardous Materials For Military
Air Shipments.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e94"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(6)</ph> Any preservation, packaging,
packing, marking, and labeling requirements contained elsewhere
in this solicitation and contract.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e105"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(c)</ph> Preservation, packaging,
packing, marking, and labeling of hazardous materials for domestic
shipments within the United States in all transport modes shall
comply with the following; as applicable:</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol " id="d830e110">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e115"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph> U.S. Department of Transportation
(DOT) Hazardous Material Regulation (HMR) 49 CFR parts 171 through
180.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e124"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph> Occupational Safety and Health
Administration (OSHA) Regulation 29 CFR 1910.1200.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e133"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(3)</ph> Any preservation, packaging,
packing, marking, and labeling requirements contained elsewhere
in this solicitation and contract.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e144"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(d)</ph> Hazardous Material Packages
designated for outside the United States destinations through Forwarding
Points, Distribution Centers, or Container Consolidation Points
(CCPs) shall comply with the IMDG, IATA, ICAO or AFMAN 24-204 codes,
as applicable.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d822e153"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(e)</ph> The test certification
data showing compliance with performance-oriented packaging or UN-approved
packaging requirements shall be made available to GSA contract administration/management
representatives or regulatory inspectors upon request.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
