<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_552_238_74"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title
      class="- topic/title "
      xtrc="GSAR"> <ph
      class="- topic/ph "
      props="autonumber">552.238-74</ph> <ph
      rev="CHANGE 166 MAY, 5, 2023">Introduction of New Supplies and Services
      Special Item Number (SIN).</ph></title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="538.273.dita#GSAM_538_273"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">538.273</xref>(b)(2),
insert the following provision:</p>
			      <p
        audience="GSAR"
        outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"
        class="- topic/p "
        rev="CHANGE 166 MAY, 5, 2023"> Introduction of New Supplies/Services
        (INSS) (May 2023) </p>
			      <ol id="d870e19" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d862e23" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition</i>.</p>
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph rev="CHANGE 166 MAY, 5, 2023">“Introduction of New Supplies and Services Special
Item Number (SIN)”</ph> means a new or improved supply or service - within the
scope of the Federal Supply Schedule (FSS), but not currently available under
any Federal Supply Schedule contract- that provides a new service, function,
task, or attribute that may provide a more economical or efficient means for
ordering activities to accomplish their missions. It may significantly improve
an existing supply or service. It may be a supply or service existing in the
commercial market, but not yet introduced to the Federal Government.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "> 
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph> 
                  <ph rev="CHANGE 166 MAY, 5, 2023">Offerors are encouraged to introduce new or
improved supplies or services via the “Introduction of New Supplies and Services
SIN” at any time by clearly identifying this SIN item in the offer.</ph>
               </p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "> 
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph> 
                  <ph rev="CHANGE 166 MAY, 5, 2023">The Contracting Officer has the sole discretion to
determine whether a supply or service will be accepted as an “Introduction of
New Supplies and Services SIN” item. The Contracting Officer will evaluate and
process the offer and may perform a technical review. This SIN provides
temporary placement until the Contracting Officer formally categorizes the new
supply or service.</ph>
               </p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "> 
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph> 
                  <ph rev="CHANGE 166 MAY, 5, 2023">If the Contractor has an existing schedule
contract, GSA may, at the sole discretion of the Contracting Officer, modify the
existing contract to include the “Introduction of New Supplies and Services SIN”
item in accordance with <xref href="552.238-82.dita#GSAM_552_238_82"
                           base="id552.238-82"
                           outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                           class="- topic/xref ">552.238-82</xref>, Modifications (Federal Supply
Schedules).</ph>
               </p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
