<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            id="GSAM_552_238_113">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.238-113</ph> Scope of Contract (Eligible Ordering Activities).</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph "> 
               <xref base="FBCQNJUA"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     href="538.7004.dita#GSAM_538_7004"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">538.7004</xref> 
            </ph>(b) insert the following clause:</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"> Scope of Contract (Eligible Ordering Activities)
(May 2023) </p>
			      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(a)</ph> This solicitation is issued to establish contracts
which may be used on a nonmandatory basis by the agencies and activities named
below, as a source of supply for the supplies or services described herein, for
domestic and/or overseas delivery. For the Wireless Mobility Services Special Item
Number ONLY, limited geographic coverage (consistent with the Offeror's
commercial practice) may be proposed.</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph> Executive agencies (as
defined in FAR Subpart 2.1) including nonappropriated fund activities
as prescribed in 41 CFR 101-26.000;</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph> Government contractors
authorized in writing by a Federal agency pursuant to FAR 51.1;</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(3)</ph> Mixed ownership
Government corporations (as defined in the Government Corporation
Control Act);</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(4)</ph> Federal Agencies,
including establishments in the legislative or judicial branch of
government (except the Senate, the House of Representatives and
the Architect of the Capitol and any activities under the direction
of the Architect of the Capitol).</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(5)</ph> The District of
Columbia;</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(6)</ph> Tribal governments
when authorized under 25 USC 450j(k);</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(7)</ph> Tribes or tribally
designated housing entities pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 4111(j);</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(8)</ph> Qualified Nonprofit
Agencies as authorized under 40 USC 502(b); and</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(9)</ph> Organizations,
other than those identified in paragraph (d) of this clause, authorized
by GSA pursuant to statute or regulation to use GSA as a source
of supply.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(b)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions.</i>
               </p>
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Domestic
delivery” is delivery within the 48 contiguous states, Alaska, Hawaii,
Puerto Rico, Washington, DC, and U.S. territories. Domestic delivery
also includes a port or consolidation point, within the aforementioned
areas, for orders received from overseas activities.</p>
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Overseas
delivery” is delivery to points outside of the 48 contiguous states,
Washington, DC, Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and U.S. territories</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(c)</ph> Offerors are requested
to check one of the following boxes:</p>
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">□ Contractor
will provide domestic and overseas delivery.</p>
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">□ Contractor
will provide overseas delivery only.</p>
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">□ Contractor
will provide domestic delivery only.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(d)</ph> The following
activities may place orders against Schedule contracts:</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph> State and local government may place orders
against Consolidated Schedule contracts containing information technology or
security and protection Special Item Numbers, on an optional basis; provided,
the Contractor accepts order(s) from such activities; </p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph> The American National Red Cross may place orders
against Federal Supply Schedules for products and services in furtherance of the
purposes set forth in its Federal charter (36 U.S.C. 300102); provided, the Contractor accepts order(s)
from the American National Red Cross; and</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(3)</ph> Other qualified organizations, as defined in
section 309 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance
Act (42 U.S.C. 5152), may place orders against Federal Supply Schedules for
products and services determined to be appropriate to facilitate emergency
preparedness and disaster relief and set forth in guidance by the Administrator
of General Services, in consultation with the Administrator of the Federal
Emergency Management Agency; provided, the Contractor accepts order(s)
from such activities.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(4)</ph> State and local governments may place orders
against Federal Supply Schedules for good or services determined by the
Secretary of Homeland Security to facilitate recovery from a major disaster
declared by the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and
Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121, et seq.) to facilitate disaster
preparedness or response, or to facilitate recovery from terrorism or nuclear,
biological, chemical, or radiological attack; provided, the Contractor accepts order(s)
from such activities.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(e)</ph> Articles or services
may be ordered from time to time in such quantities as may be needed
to fill any requirement, subject to the Order Limitations thresholds
which will be specified in resultant contracts. Overseas activities
may place orders directly with schedule contractors for delivery
to CONUS port or consolidation point.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " props="Runin">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(f)</ph>
               </p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph> The Contractor is obligated
to accept orders received from activities within the Executive branch
of the Federal Government.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph> The Contractor
is not obligated to accept orders received from activities outside
the Executive branch; however, the Contractor is encouraged to accept
such orders. If the Contractor elects to accept such orders, all
provisions of the contract shall apply, including clause 52.232-36
Payment by Third Party. If the Contractor is unwilling to accept
such orders, and the proposed method of payment is not through the
Credit Card, the Contractor shall return the order by mail or other
means of delivery within 5 workdays from receipt. If the Contractor
is unwilling to accept such orders, and the proposed method of payment
is through the Credit Card, the Contractor must so advise the ordering
activity within 24 hours of receipt of order. (Reference clause
52.232-36 Payment by Third Party.) Failure to return an order or
advise the ordering activity within the time frames of this paragraph
shall constitute acceptance whereupon all provisions of the contract
shall apply.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(g)</ph> The Government
is obligated to purchase under each resultant contract a guaranteed
minimum of $2,500 (two thousand, five hundred dollars) during the
contract term.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(h)</ph> All users of GSA's
Federal Supply Schedules, including non-Federal users, shall use
the schedules in accordance with the ordering guidance provided
by the Administrator of General Services. GSA encourages non-Federal
users to follow the Schedule Ordering Procedures set forth in the
Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) 8.4, but they may use different established
competitive ordering procedures if such procedures are needed to
satisfy their state and local acquisition regulations and/or organizational
policies.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
