<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"><concept id="GSAM_552_270_35" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title xtrc="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/title "> <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.270-35</ph> System for Award Management - Leasing.</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 570.702, insert the following provision:</p><p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">System for Award Management - Leasing (DEC 2024). </p><ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>. As used in this provision—</p><p rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Electronic Funds Transfer (EFT) indicator” means a four-character suffix to the unique entity identifier. The suffix is assigned at the discretion of the commercial, nonprofit, or Government entity to establish additional System for Award Management records for identifying alternative EFT accounts (see subpart 32.11) for the same entity. </p><p rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Registered in the System for Award Management (SAM)" means that— </p><ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><p rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> The Offeror has entered all mandatory information, including the unique entity identifier and the EFT indicator, if applicable, the Commercial and Government Entity (CAGE) code, as well as data required by the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (see subpart 4.14) into SAM;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p id="id216TA040OLK" audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> The Offeror has completed the Core, Assertions, Representations and Certifications, and Points of Contact sections of the registration in SAM;</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>The Government has validated all mandatory data fields, to include validation of the Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). The offeror will be required to provide consent for TIN validation to the Government as a part of the SAM registration process; and </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>The Government has marked the record “Active”.</p></li></ol><p rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Unique entity identifier" means a number or other identifier used to identify a specific commercial, nonprofit, or Government entity. See www.sam.gov for the designated entity for establishing unique entity identifiers.</p></li><li props="Runin" class="- topic/li "><p class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph></p><ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><p id="id216TA040GEX" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> An Offeror is required to be registered in SAM at time of award, and shall maintain registration in SAM during contract performance, and through final payment of any contract, basic agreement, basic ordering agreement, or blanket purchasing agreement resulting from this solicitation.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>The Offeror shall enter, in the block with its name and address on the cover page of its offer, the annotation "Unique Entity Identifier" followed by the unique entity identifier that identifies the Offeror's name and address exactly as stated in the offer. The Offeror also shall enter its EFT indicator, if applicable. The unique entity identifier will be used by the Contracting Officer to verify that the Offeror is registered in SAM.</p></li></ol></li><li class="- topic/li "><p id="id216TA040HYE" audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph> If the Offeror does not have a unique entity identifier, it should contact the entity designated at www.sam.gov for establishment of the unique entity identifier directly to obtain one. The Offeror should be prepared to provide the following information: <ol class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>Company legal business name. </p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>Tradestyle, doing business, or other name by which the entity is commonly recognized.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>Company physical street address, city, state, and Zip Code.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>Company mailing address, city, state and Zip Code (if separate from physical).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>Company telephone number.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(6)</ph>Date the company was started.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(7)</ph>Number of employees at your location.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(8)</ph>Chief executive officer/key manager.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(9)</ph>Line of business (industry).</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(10)</ph> Company headquarters name and address (reporting relationship within the entity).</p></li></ol></p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>If the Offeror does not become registered in the SAM database in the time prescribed by the Contracting Officer, the Contracting Officer will proceed to award to the next otherwise successful registered Offeror.</p></li><li class="- topic/li "><p audience="GSAR" rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>Processing time should be taken into consideration when registering. Offerors who are not registered in SAM should consider applying for registration immediately upon receipt of the solicitation. See https://www.sam.gov for information on registration.</p></li></ol><p rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" outputclass="Endofprovision" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p><section outputclass="Alternate" class="- topic/section "><?FM MARKER [Alt] Start?><p rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Alternate I </i>(DEC 2024). As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" href="570.702.dita#GSAM_570_702" base="gsam-570.702" xtrc="570.702" class="- topic/xref ">570.702</xref>, substitute the following paragraph (b)(1) for paragraph (b)(1) of the basic provision:</p><p rev="Change 194 December 16, 2024" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">(b)(1) An Offeror is required to be registered in SAM as soon as possible. If registration is not possible prior to award, the Contractor shall be registered in SAM within 30 days after award or before three days prior to submission of the first invoice, whichever occurs first.</p><?FM MARKER [Alt] End?></section></conbody></concept></dita>