<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            id="GSAM_552_217_70">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.217-70</ph> Evaluation
of Options.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref class="- topic/xref "
                     href="517.208.dita#GSAM_517_208"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">517.208</xref>
            </ph>(a),
insert the following provision:</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">Evaluation of Options
(Jul 2016)</p>
			      <ol class="- topic/ol " id="d818e21">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d810e26">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    The
Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by determining
the lowest base period price. When option year pricing is based
on a formula (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>,changes in the Producer Price Index or
other common standard), option year pricing is automatically considered
when evaluating the base year price, as any change in price will
be uniformly related to changes in market conditions. All options
are therefore considered to be evaluated. Evaluation of options
will not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s).</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " id="d810e38">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    The Government will
reject the offer if exceptions are taken to the price provisions
of the Economic Price Adjustment clause, unless the exception results
in a lower maximum option year price. Such offers will be evaluated
without regard to the lower option year(s) maximum. However, if
the offeror offering a lower maximum is awarded a contract, the
award will reflect the lower maximum.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Endofprovision">(End of provision)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
