<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            id="GSAM_552_236_72">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.236-72</ph> Submittals.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref class="- topic/xref "
                     href="536.572.dita#GSAM_536_572"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">536.572</xref>
            </ph>, insert the following
        clause:</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">Submittals (Mar 2019)</p>
			      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(a)</ph>  The Contractor shall prepare and
            submit all submittals as specified in the contract or requested by the Contracting
            Officer.</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph>  Submittals may include: safety
                plans, schedules, shop drawings, coordination drawings, samples, calculations,
                product information, or mockups.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph>  Shop drawings may include
                fabrication, erection and setting drawings, manufacturers' scale drawings, wiring
                and control diagrams, cuts or entire catalogs, pamphlets, descriptive literature,
                and performance and test data.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(b)</ph>  Unless otherwise provided in this
            contract, or otherwise directed by the Contracting Officer, submittals shall be
            submitted to the Contracting Officer.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(c)</ph>  The Contractor shall be entitled to
            receive notice of action on submittals within a reasonable time, given the volume or
            complexity of the submittals and the criticality of the affected activities to
            substantial completion as may be indicated in the project schedule</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(d)</ph>  Review of submittals will be
            general and shall not be construed as permitting any departure from the contract
            requirements.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(e)</ph>  The Contractor shall not proceed
            with construction work or procure products or materials described or shown in submittals
            until the submittal is reviewed. Any work or activity undertaken prior to review shall
            be at the Contractor's risk. Should the Contracting Officer subsequently determine that
            the work or activity does not comply with the contract, the Contractor shall be
            responsible for all cost and time required to comply with the Contracting Officer's
            determination. The Contracting Officer shall have the right to order the Contractor to
            cease execution of work for which submittals have not been reviewed. The Government
            shall not be liable for any cost or delay incurred by the Contractor attributable to the
            proper exercise of this right.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(f)</ph>  The Contractor shall identify, in
            writing, all deviations or changes in resubmitted submittals. In the absence of such
            written notice, review of a resubmission shall not include or apply to such deviations
            or changes.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
			      <section class="- topic/section " outputclass="Alternate"><?FM MARKER [Alt] Start?>
				        <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="NoIndent">
               <i>Alternate I </i>
               <ph outputclass="SmCaps">(Mar 2019)</ph>. As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph ">
                  <xref class="- topic/xref "
                        href="536.572.dita#GSAM_536_572"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">536.572</xref>
               </ph> add the following paragraph to the basic clause:</p>
				        <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(g) The Contractor shall submit
          design documents for review in accordance with PBS-P100. The Government shall review
          submittals for the limited purpose of verifying that the documents conform to the design
          criteria expressed in the contract documents.</p>
            <?FM MARKER [Alt] End?>
			      </section>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
