<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_552_232_5"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.232-5</ph> Payments
under Fixed-Price Construction</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p id="jRDNWL" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in 
               <xref href="532.111.dita#GSAM_532_111"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">532.111</xref>(b),
insert the following clause:</p>
			      <p id="BDcfmS"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"
            class="- topic/p ">Payments
under Fixed-Price Construction (Mar 2019)</p>
			      <p id="MSVLXM" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">FAR 52.232-5, Payments under
Fixed-Price Construction Contracts, is supplemented as follows:</p>
			      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li id="jaBOOQ" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="favFSu" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>Before submitting
a request for payment, the Contractor shall, unless directed otherwise
by the Contracting Officer, attend pre-invoice payment meetings,
as scheduled, with the designated Government representative for
the purpose of facilitating review and approval of payment requests.
Payment meetings will be conducted and may be in person. The Contractor
shall provide documentation to support the prospective payment request.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li id="rwPSXz" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="hdZZkW" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>The Contractor shall submit its
invoices to the Contracting Officer, unless directed otherwise by
the Contracting Officer. Separate payment requests shall be submitted
for progress payments, payments of retainage, and partial or final
payments.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li id="uTrgjh" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="McRvDG" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>The Contractor shall use GSA Form
2419 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Certification of Progress Payments Under Fixed-Price Construction
Contracts</i> to provide the certification required under FAR 52.232-5(c).</p>
				        </li>
				        <li id="REXwoG" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="SoeUhm" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>The Contractor shall use GSA Form
1142 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Release of Claims</i> to provide the certification required
under FAR 52.232-5(h).</p>
				        </li>
				        <li id="kEJlOW" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="LWnHtS" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>If an invoice does not meet the
requirements of FAR 52.232-27 and GSAM 552.232-27, the Contracting
Officer may return the invoice to the Contractor without payment
for correction. If the Contracting Officer disputes the requested
payment amount, the Government may pay the portion of the requested
payment that is undisputed.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li id="meHacF" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="ltfcfV" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>GSA will not be obligated to issue
final payment unless the Contractor has furnished to the Contracting
Officer a release of claims against the Government relating to the
contract, and submitted all required product warranties, as-built
drawings, operating manuals, and other items as specified in the
contract. The Contractor may reserve from the release specific claims only
if such claims are explicitly identified with stated claim amounts.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p id="FDjJjc"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="Endofclause Ctr"
            class="- topic/p ">(End
of clause)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
