<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
	  <concept audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            id="GSAM_552_238_114">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.238-114</ph> Use of Federal Supply Schedule Contracts by Non-Federal Entities.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph "> 
               <xref base="FBCQNJUA"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     href="538.7004.dita#GSAM_538_7004"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">538.7004</xref> 
            </ph>(c) insert the
following clause:</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"> Use of Federal Supply Schedule
Contracts by Non-Federal Entities (JAN 2022) </p>
			      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(a)</ph> If
an entity identified in paragraph (d) of the clause at <xref base="id195K8300P4V"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        href="552.238-113.dita#GSAM_552_238_113"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">552.238-113</xref>, Scope of
Contract (Eligible Ordering Activities), elects to place an order
under this contract, the entity agrees that the order shall be subject
to the following conditions:</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph> When
the Contractor accepts an order from such an entity, a separate
contract is formed which incorporates by reference all the terms
and conditions of the Schedule contract except the Disputes clause,
the patent indemnity clause, and the portion of the Commercial Products and Commercial
Services Contract Terms and Conditions that specifies “Compliance
with laws unique to Government contracts” (which applies only to
contracts with entities of the Executive branch of the U.S. Government).
The parties to this new contract which incorporates the terms and
conditions of the Schedule contract are the individual ordering
activity and the Contractor. The U.S. Government shall not be liable
for the performance or nonperformance of the new contract. Disputes
which cannot be resolved by the parties to the new contract may
be litigated in any State or Federal court with jurisdiction over
the parties, applying Federal procurement law, including statutes,
regulations and case law, and, if pertinent, the Uniform Commercial
Code. To the extent authorized by law, parties to this new contract
are encouraged to resolve disputes through Alternative Dispute Resolution. Likewise,
a Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA), although not a contract, is
an agreement that may be entered into by the Contractor with such
an entity and the Federal Government is not a party.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph> Where
contract clauses refer to action by a Contracting Officer or a Contracting
Officer of GSA, that shall mean the individual responsible for placing
the order for the ordering activity (e.g., FAR 52.212-4 at paragraph
(f) and FSS clause I-FSS-249 B.)</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(3)</ph> As
a condition of using this contract, eligible ordering activities
agree to abide by all terms and conditions of the Schedule contract,
except for those deleted clauses or portions of clauses mentioned
in paragraph (a)(1) of this clause. Ordering activities may include
terms and conditions required by statute, ordinance, regulation,
order, or as otherwise allowed by State and local government entities
as a part of a statement of work (SOW) or statement of objective
(SOO) to the extent that these terms and conditions do not conflict
with the terms and conditions of the Schedule contract. The ordering
activity and the Contractor expressly acknowledge that, in entering
into an agreement for the ordering activity to purchase goods or
services from the Contractor, neither the ordering activity nor
the Contractor will look to, primarily or in any secondary capacity,
or file any claim against the United States or any of its agencies
with respect to any failure of performance by the other party.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(4)</ph> The
ordering activity is responsible for all payments due the Contractor
under the contract formed by acceptance of the ordering activity's
order, without recourse to the agency of the U.S. Government, which
awarded the Schedule contract.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(5)</ph> The
Contractor is encouraged, but not obligated, to accept orders from
such entities. The Contractor may, within 5 days of receipt of the
order, decline to accept any order, for any reason. The Contractor
shall fulfill orders placed by such entities, which are not declined
within the 5-day period.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(6)</ph> The
supplies or services purchased will be used for governmental purposes
only and will not be resold for personal use. Disposal of property
acquired will be in accordance with the established procedures of
the ordering activity for the disposal of personal property.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(b)</ph> If
the Schedule Contractor accepts an order from an entity identified
in paragraph (d) of the clause at <xref base="id195K8300P4V"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        href="552.238-113.dita#GSAM_552_238_113"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">552.238-113</xref>, Scope of
Contract (Eligible Ordering Activities), the Contractor agrees to
the following conditions:</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph> The
ordering activity is responsible for all payments due the Contractor
for the contract formed by acceptance of the order, without recourse
to the agency of the U.S. Government, which awarded the Schedule
contract.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph> The
Contractor is encouraged, but not obligated, to accept orders from
such entities. The Contractor may, within 5 days of receipt of the
order, decline to accept any order, for any reason. The Contractor
shall decline the order using the same means as those used to place
the order. The Contractor shall fulfill orders placed by such entities,
which are not declined within the 5-day period.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(c)</ph> In
accordance with clause <xref base="i1874125"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        href="552.238-80.dita#GSAM_552_238_80"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">552.238-80</xref>,
Industrial Funding Fee and Sales Reporting, the Contractor must
report the quarterly dollar value of all sales under this contract.
When submitting sales reports, the Contractor must report two dollar values
for each Special Item Number:</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph> The dollar
value for sales to entities identified in paragraph (a) of the clause
at <xref base="id195K8300P4V"
                              class="- topic/xref "
                              href="552.238-113.dita#GSAM_552_238_113"
                              outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">552.238-113</xref>,
Scope of Contract (Eligible Ordering Activities), and</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph> The
dollar value for sales to entities identified in paragraph (d) of
clause <xref base="id195K8300P4V"
                              class="- topic/xref "
                              href="552.238-113.dita#GSAM_552_238_113"
                              outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">552.238-113</xref> Scope
of Contract (Eligible Ordering Activities).</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
