<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_570_405"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR"><ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">570.405</ph> Lease extensions.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol id="d996e13" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d987e17" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  This
subsection applies to extension of the term of a lease to provide
for continued occupancy on a short term basis.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d987e26" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph> If the value of a lease extension
will exceed the simplified lease acquisition threshold, the justification
and approval requirements in FAR 6.3 and <xref href="Subpart_506.3.dita#GSAM_Subpart_506_3" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">506.3</xref> apply.
For extensions that will not exceed the simplified lease acquisition
threshold, the contracting officer may use the simplified procedures
in <xref href="Subpart_570.2.dita#GSAM_Subpart_570_2" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">570.2</xref> and explain the
absence of competition in the file.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d987e41" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph> FAR 6.302-1 permits contracting
without providing for full and open competition when the property
or services needed by the agency are available from only one responsible
source and no other type of property or services will satisfy the needs
of the agency. This authority may apply to lease extensions in situations
such as, but not limited to, the following:</p>
					          <ol id="d996e47" class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d987e51" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  The agency occupying
the leased space is scheduled to move into other Federally controlled
space, but encounters unexpected delays in preparing the new space
for occupancy.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d987e60" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  The Government encounters
unexpected delays outside of its control in acquiring replacement
space.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d987e69" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  The Government is consolidating
various agencies and the contracting officer needs to extend the
terms of some leases to establish a common expiration date.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d987e78" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p "><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>  The agency occupying
the space has encountered delays in planning for a potential relocation
to other federally controlled space due to documented organizational,
financial, or other uncertainties.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
