<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"><concept id="GSAM_570_117" class="- topic/topic concept/concept "><title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">570.117</ph> Sustainable requirements for lease acquisition.</title><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody "><p id="d951e13" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">Contracting officers must include sustainable design requirements appropriate for the type of leasing action in the solicitation. Contracting officers can find solicitation requirements and instructions <ph rev="Change 186 September 3, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">at</ph> <xref href="https://www.gsa.gov/real-estate/realestate-services/leasing/leasing-policy" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">https://www.gsa.gov/real-estate/realestate-services/leasing/leasing-policy</xref> <ph rev="Change 186 September 3, 2024" class="- topic/ph ">under the ”Sustainability Policies” tab and within the applicable Leasing Desk Guide chapter to assist them in complying with GSA’s sustainable requirements</ph>.</p><ol id="d960e20" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d951e24" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Pre-Award
Procedures</i>. The contracting officer must ensure that the sustainable
requirements within the lease templates are included in the awarded
lease as specified by the PBS Leasing Desk Guide. Review Chapter
18 of the PBS Leasing Desk Guide that can be found on GSA's Acquisition
Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref> for
guidance on ensuring sustainable requirements are included in leases.</p>
				        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d951e40" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Post-Award,
Pre-Occupancy Procedures.</i>
               </p>
					          <ol id="d960e49" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d951e53" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Sustainability
Procedures.</i> For specific post-award sustainability procedures,
review Chapter 18 of the PBS Leasing Desk Guide.  </p>
						            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d951e69" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Receipt
of Sustainable Products and Services.</i>
                     </p>
							              <ol id="d960e78" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d951e82" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>  The
contracting officer must take reasonable steps to validate any required
sustainable products and/or services are received. Review the best
available evidence of compliance such as manufacturer product documentation, design
submittals, or green lease submittals to ensure the lessor is providing
required sustainable products and services.</p>
								                </li><li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d951e91" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>  The
contracting officer must note any discrepancies with sustainable
requirements in the lease and provide feedback to the lessor.</p>
								                </li><li class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d951e100" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph>  When
choosing what documents to review during sustainability compliance
reviews, random sampling techniques can be utilized to limit the
number of documents/evidence being reviewed. Staff/Service Offices
may prioritize which products and/or services to focus on in their
compliance reviews. For specific best practices in verifying evidence
of compliance, review the Verification Guide for Purchasers of Sustainable
Products at <xref href="https://sftool.gov/" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">https://sftool.gov/</xref>.</p>
								                </li></ol>
						            </li></ol>
				        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d951e117" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Post-Occupancy
Procedures.</i> The contracting officer must take reasonable steps
to validate the lessor complies with all post-occupancy sustainable
requirements in the lease. Review the Lease Management Desk Guide
that can be found on GSA's Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref> for
guidance on monitoring and documenting lessor compliance with all
post-occupancy sustainable requirements.</p>
				        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d951e133" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Sustainability
Exceptions.</i> If at any point during a real property lease acquisition
the contracting officer determines that one of the mandatory sustainable
requirements should not be included in the lease due to an allowable
exception, the contracting officer must follow any applicable procedures
as stated within the PBS Leasing Desk Guide.</p>
				        </li><li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d951e149" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Compliance
Monitoring and Reporting.</i>
               </p>
					          <ol id="d960e158" class="- topic/ol "><li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d951e162" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Review
Process.</i> The PBS Leasing Office is responsible for lease compliance
monitoring to determine compliance with the sustainable acquisition
criteria specified in 570.117(e)(2). The PBS Leasing Office is responsible
for coordinating these reviews with the GSA Office of Acquisition
Policy. PBS Leasing Office is required to submit the results of
these reviews to the GSA Office of Acquisition Policy. GSA Office
of Acquisition Policy is required to monitor and report sustainable
acquisition activity to the GSA Chief Sustainability Officer in
support of the agency’s semiannual status report to Office of Management
and Budget.</p>
						            </li><li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d951e174" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Determining
Compliance</i>. See the GSA Sustainable Acquisition Review Criteria
document that can be found on GSA's Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal" format="html" scope="external" class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref> for
the specific criteria used to determine compliance with sustainable
acquisition requirements.</p>
						            </li></ol>
				        </li></ol></conbody></concept></dita>