<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita><concept id="GSAM_571_103"><title id="id18AJE70F04Z">
         <ph props="autonumber">571.103</ph> Definitions.</title><conbody><p>As used in this part—</p><p>“Agency Acquisition Innovation Advocates” are the GSA Acquisition
Officials nominated by the Senior Procurement Executive and serving
on the Office of Management and Budget Acquisition Innovation Council.</p><p>“Commercial solutions opening (CSO)” is a competitive procedure
for acquiring innovative commercial products and commercial services,
including products, technologies, and services through a competitive
selection of solution briefs resulting from a general solicitation
and peer review of such solution briefs.</p><p rev="Change 175 February 15, 2024">“Innovative” means any item that is — </p><ol><li><p id="id18AJE700B08"><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>A new technology, process, or method as of the date of submission of a solution brief; or</p></li><li><p id="id18AJE700GJM"><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>A new application or adaptation of an existing technology, process, or method as of the date of submission of a solution brief.</p></li><li><p id="id18AJE700PET"><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>Includes existing items within the production/commercialization phase (i.e. after design or development, and before widespread government or commercial adoption) as well as new adaptations of existing commercial products and commercial services.</p></li><li><p rev="Change 175 February 15, 2024"><ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>A new adaptation of existing commercial products or commercial services. (See also the definition of “commercial product” and “commercial service” in FAR 2.101.)</p></li></ol><p>“Peer Review” means a process where scientific, technological,
or other subject matter experts within the U.S. Government evaluate
solution briefs submitted against specified selection criteria.</p><p>“Solution Brief” means a solution proposed by an offeror in response
to a solicitation issued using the CSO procedure.</p></conbody></concept></dita>