<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="i1876782"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
		    <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
			      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.217-70</ph> Evaluation of Options.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-MFJKLABQ.dita#MFJKLABQ"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">517.208</xref>(a), insert the following provision:</p>
			      <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">Evaluation of Options (Jul2016)</p>
			      <ol id="d818e21" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p id="d810e26" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             The Government will evaluate offers for award purposes by determining the lowest base period price. When option year pricing is based on a formula (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>,changes in the Producer Price Index or other common standard), option year pricing is automatically considered when evaluating the base year price, as any change in price will be uniformly related to changes in market conditions. All options are therefore considered to be evaluated. Evaluation of options will not obligate the Government to exercise the option(s).</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p id="d810e38" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             The Government will reject the offer if exceptions are taken to the price provisions of the Economic Price Adjustment clause, unless the exception results in a lower maximum option year price. Such offers will be evaluated without regard to the lower option year(s) maximum. However, if the offeror offering a lower maximum is awarded a contract, the award will reflect the lower maximum.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr" audience="GSAR">(End of provision)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
