<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="i1876922"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.219-74</ph> Section8(a)Direct
Award.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="GSAM-IMGSTLDH.dita#IMGSTLDH"
                  class="- topic/xref ">519.870-8</xref>,
insert the following clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">Section 8(a) Direct
Award (Sep 1999)</p>
         <ol id="d824e21" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d816e26" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    This
contract is issued as a direct award between the contracting activity
and the 8(a)Contractor pursuant to the Memorandum of Understanding
between the Small Business Administration (SBA) and the General
Services Administration. SBA retains the responsibility for 8(a)certifications,
8(a)eligibility determinations, and related issues, and will provide counseling
and assistance to the 8(a)contractor under the 8(a)program. The
cognizant SBA district office is:</p>
               <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr" class="- topic/p ">
                  <cite outputclass="SingleLine" xtrc="552.219-74_d858e33">[<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Complete
at time of award</i>]</cite>
               </p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d816e41" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    The contracting activity
is responsible for administering the contract and taking any action
on behalf of the Government under the terms and conditions of the
contract. However, the contracting activity shall give advance notice
to SBA before it issues a final notice terminating performance,
either in whole or in part, under the contract. The contracting
activity shall also coordinate with SBA prior to processing any
advance payments or novation agreements. The contracting activity
may assign contract administration functions to a contract administration
office.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d816e50" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    The Contractor agrees:</p>
               <ol id="d824e55" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d816e60" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                          To
notify the Contracting Officer, simultaneous with its notification
to SBA (as required by SBA’s 8(a)regulations), when the owner or
owners upon whom 8(a)eligibility is based plan to relinquish ownership
or control of the concern. Consistent with 15 U.S.C. 637(a)(21),
transfer of ownership or control shall result in termination of
the contract for convenience, unless SBA waives the requirement
for termination prior to the actual relinquishing of ownership and control.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d816e69" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                         To the requirements of 52.219-14,
Limitations on Subcontracting.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
               <p id="d816e77"
                  audience="GSAR"
                  outputclass="Endofclause"
                  class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
