<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="WNFJVXTA"
            otherprops="H4_3"
            outputclass="H4_3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
		    <title outputclass="H43" class="- topic/title ">
			      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">513.303-3</ph> Preparation of BPAs.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol id="d229e13" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li otherprops="abc" outputclass="H5_abc" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d226e17" outputclass="H5_abc" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Description of agreement</i>. Describe limitations, if any, on the geographic area to be served. The GSA Form 3521, Blanket Purchase Agreement, may be used to prepare a blanket purchase agreement.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li id="i1889328"
                otherprops="abc"
                outputclass="H5_abc"
                class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d226e29" outputclass="H5_abc" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Delivery tickets</i>. Instruct the contractor to include the name of the individual placing the order on the delivery ticket. The individual receiving the item or service must sign and date the delivery or service ticket. Both the supplier and the receiving office must retain a copy of the delivery ticket.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li otherprops="abc" outputclass="H5_abc" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d226e41" outputclass="H5_abc" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Invoices</i>. If the contracting officer has exhausted all efforts to get a supplier to accept one of the invoicing statements outlined in FAR 13.303-3(a)(6), the contracting officer may deviate in order to permit the submission and payment of invoices for each delivery under the BPA. The contracting officer shall document efforts and the contractor’s refusal.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li otherprops="abc" outputclass="H5_abc" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d226e53" outputclass="H5_abc" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Processing invoices</i>. The designated billing office must time-stamp invoices to indicate the date of receipt. The ordering office must forward an invoice to the appropriate Finance Division within 5workdays of its receipt or acceptance of the supplies or services. An exception applies if the BPA provides for the accumulation of invoices for a specified period. If this exception applies, the ordering office must forward the accumulated invoices within 5workdays after the specified period for accumulation. Mark all invoices to indicate that purchases were made under a BPA.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
