<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="id1945EH00R7N"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" xtrf="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.236-21</ph> Specifications
and Drawings for Construction.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-536.521.dita#id1941F0E0HR9"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.521</xref>, insert the following
clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">Specifications and
Drawings for Construction (Mar 2019)</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">The requirements of the clause entitled “Specifications
and Drawings for Construction” at FAR 52.236-21, are supplemented as
follows</p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                    In
case of difference between small and large-scale drawings, the large-scale
drawings shall govern.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                    Schedules
on any contract drawing shall take precedence over conflicting information
on that or any other contract drawing.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                    On
any of the drawings where a portion of the work is detailed or drawn
out and the remainder is shown in outline, the parts detailed or
drawn out shall apply also to all other like portions of the work.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                    Where
the word “similar” occurs on the drawings, it shall have a general
meaning and not be interpreted as being identical, and all details
shall be worked out in relation to their location and their connection
with other parts of the work.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>
                  
                    Standard
details or specification drawings are applicable when listed, bound
with the specifications, noted on the drawings, or referenced elsewhere
in the specifications.</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                          Where notes on the specification
drawings indicate alterations, such alterations shall govern.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                          In
case of difference between standard details or specification drawings
and the specifications, the specifications shall govern.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                          In
case of difference between the standard details or specification
drawings and the drawings prepared specifically for this contract,
the drawings prepared specifically for this contract shall govern.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>
                  
                    Different
requirements within the contract documents shall be deemed inconsistent
only if compliance with both cannot be achieved.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph>
                  
                    Unless
otherwise noted, the drawings shall be interpreted to provide for
a complete construction, assembly, or installation of the work,
without regard to the detail with which material components are
shown in the drawings.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">Alternate I (<term class="- topic/term ">Mar</term> 2019).
As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-536.521.dita#id1941F0E0HR9"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.521</xref>, add the following
paragraph to the basic clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(h) For the purposes
of this clause, specifications and drawings refer only to those
included among the contract documents, and not to those produced
by the Contractor pursuant to its responsibilities under the contract.</p>
         <p id="id201IA0620QZ"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="NoIndent"
            class="- topic/p ">Alternate
II (<term class="- topic/term ">Jan</term> 2020). As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="id1941F0E0HR9"
                  href="GSAM-536.521.dita#id1941F0E0HR9">536.521</xref>(b), add the
following paragraph to the basic clause:</p>
         <p id="id201IA0809CM"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(h)
For the purposes of this clause, specifications and drawings refer
only to the construction documents, meaning the 100 percent complete
specifications and construction drawings developed during the design
phase.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
