<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="i517.502"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title id="id18C4980L0VH" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">517.502</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General</i>.
               </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                         GSA provides interagency
acquisition (IA) services to support the mission of federal agencies,
foster competition and use of economies of scale, and provide options
for agencies to meet their administrative and procurement needs.
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                         The Office of
Acquisition Policy maintains tools and resources for the acquisition
workforce on the GSA Acquisition Portal (<xref href="http://insite.gsa.gov/interagencyacquisition"
                              format="html"
                              scope="external"
                              class="- topic/xref ">http://insite.gsa.gov/interagencyacquisition</xref>).
                     </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Cut-Off Dates</i>.
               </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                         Heads of Contracting
Activities shall devise and publicize cut-off dates to accept interagency
acquisitions for their respective organization(s) in support of
this subpart. The decision to accept funds near the end of the fiscal
year must be determined on a case-by-case basis taking into consideration
the following at a minimum:
                     </p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                               funding agency
assurance that the funds are current;
                           </p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                               understanding
of the type of funds (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i> one-year, multi-year, no-year);
                           </p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph>
                               time required
for GSA to properly obligate the funds; and
                           </p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iv)</ph>
                               confirmation that
the customer has submitted a “bona fide needs” statement.
                           </p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                         Cut-off dates
do not apply when accepting no-year funds. Cutoff dates do not apply
to multi-year funds not near expiration.
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                         Once accepted,
GSA must expeditiously and diligently begin work on all IAs it accepts.
                     </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reasonable
Time</i>.
               </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                         Policy. When establishing
interagency agreements, contracting activities must obligate funds
in a reasonable time.
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                         Definition. A
reasonable time is considered to be 90 calendar days unless otherwise
established in the interagency agreement. Contracting activities
must examine with particular care if the 90 calendar day acquisition
lead time can be achieved by:
                     </p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                               using
an existing contract or task/delivery order which can be awarded
or modified expeditiously to meet the customer/funding agency’s
requirement; and
                           </p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                               validating that
the customer-specific fiscal policy attached to the funds (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>,
DoD 7000.14-R Financial Management Regulation Volume 11A Chapter
18) does not have any applicable restrictions which would prevent
the use of 90 calendar days as a "reasonable time".
                           </p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                         Criteria for establishing
“reasonable time”. For IAs in which the contracting activity has
determined the “reasonable time” to be in excess of 90 calendar
days, the contracting officers must:
                     </p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                               ensure
that the “reasonable time” is mutually agreed upon and documented
between the customer/funding agency and the GSA contracting activity
at the time funds' are accepted (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, in the case of a DoD
customer, signing DD Form 448-2, "Acceptance of MIPR"; for RWAs,
date specified on GSA Form 2957, box 30B);
                           </p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                               ensure that the
customer-specific fiscal policy restrictions are adhered to (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>,
DoD 7000.14-R Financial Management Regulation Volume 11A Chapter
18); and
                           </p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph>
                               document the rationale
for establishing a “reasonable time” which is in excess of 90 calendar
days.
                           </p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Periodic Reviews</i>.
Contracting officers must review all IA obligations for goods or
services that have been ordered but not yet received (undelivered
orders/unfilled customer orders) at fiscal year-end. Generally speaking,
if the IA is for goods or services that were not delivered within
the funds period of availability, the funds must be deobligated
and current funds used, unless the goods could not be delivered
because of delivery, production or manufacturing lead time, or unforeseen
delays that are out of the control and not previously contemplated
by the contracting parties at the time of contracting.
               </p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>
                   Order of Precedence.
Any inconsistency in the applicability of customer agency and GSA
policy shall be resolved by giving precedence in the following order
when the customer agency’s policy is more restrictive, less restrictive
or based on program authority specific to the customer.
               </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The funding
agency has a more restrictive policy than GSA</i>. When the customer
agency’s policy is more restrictive than GSA's policy, the contracting
officer shall follow the more restrictive policy.
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                         Higher dollar
authority. When the customer agency’s policy is less restrictive
than GSA’s policy, the contracting officer has discretion on which
policy to follow. However, the contracting officer must consult
with Service-level acquisition management (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, FAS OPC,
PBS OAM) and OGC if following the Page 6 of 6 less restrictive policy
to ensure GSA has adequate controls in place and has the authority
to utilize the less restrictive policy.
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Streamlined
approach</i>. In some circumstances funding agencies require less
documentation for certain acquisition actions.
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                         Specialty program
authority. A number of agencies have authorities which GSA does
not have. GSA cannot use a customer agency’s given program authority
(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, Other Transaction Authority (OTA)) unless the authority
is specifically delegated to GSA. If the contracting officer determines
that the specialty program authority, not delegated to GSA formally,
should be considered for use in an IA action, prepare an exception
request for approval by the Senior Procurement Executive.
                     </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
