<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="i1873910"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.238-74</ph> Introduction
of New Supplies/Services (INSS).</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-KOSVKQYR.dita#KOSVKQYR"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">538.273</xref>(b)(2),
insert the following provision:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">Introduction of
New Supplies/Services (INSS) (May 2019)</p>
         <ol id="d870e19" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d862e23" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition</i>.</p>
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Introduction of New Supplies/Services Special
Item Number (INSS SIN)” means a new or improved supply or service
- within the scope of the Federal Supply Schedule (FSS), but not
currently available under any Federal Supply Schedule contract-
that provides a new service, function, task, or attribute that may
provide a more economical or efficient means for ordering activities
to accomplish their missions. It may significantly improve an existing
supply or service. It may be a supply or service existing in the
commercial market, but not yet introduced to the Federal Government.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   Offerors
are encouraged to introduce new or improved supplies or services
via INSS SIN at any time by clearly identify the INSS SIN item in
the offer.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   The
Contracting Officer has the sole discretion to determine whether
a supply or service will be accepted as an INSS SIN item. The Contracting
Officer will evaluate and process the offer and may perform a technical
review. The INSS SIN provides temporary placement until the Contracting
Officer formally categorizes the new supply or service.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   If
the Contractor has an existing schedule contract, the Government
may, at the sole discretion of the Contracting Officer, modify the
existing contract to include the INSS SIN item in accordance with <xref href="GSAM-i1874127.dita#i1874127"
                        base="i1874127"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                        class="- topic/xref ">552.238-81</xref>, Modifications
(Federal Supply Schedules).</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
