<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="JLYPIUUN"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">501.604</ph> Contracting Officer's
Representative (COR).</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p id="d34e14" class="- topic/p ">The FAC-COR's role is to develop proper
requirements and ensure during contract administration the contractors
meet the commitments of their contracts, including the timeliness
and delivery of quality goods and services as required by the contract. Information
on the FAC-COR certification is
available at <xref href="https://www.fai.gov/"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">https://www.fai.gov/</xref>.
         </p>
         <ol id="d35e19" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e24" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Applicability</i>.
Any GSA employee assigned to perform COR duties, regardless of series,
must obtain FAC-COR certification, except as provided in paragraphs
(b) and (c) of this section. CORs must be certified at the appropriate
level no later than six months from the date of their appointment.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e36" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FAC-COR
waivers</i>. The SPE may waive the requirement for obtaining the
FAC-COR certifications prior to appointment as a COR. Waivers will
only be considered in compelling and well documented circumstances.
This authority is non-delegable. FAC-COR waivers are not transferable
to other agencies.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e48" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reciprocity
of certifications</i>. As described in OMB memorandum, “Revisions
to the Federal Acquisition Certification for Contracting Officers'
Representatives,” of September 6, 2011, (<xref href="http://www.fai.gov"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">http://www.fai.gov</xref>),
individuals certified as Federal Acquisition Certification in Contracting
(FAC-C) Levels I or II or Federal Acquisition Certification for
Program and Project Managers (FAC-P/PM) Mid-Level/Journeyman are
considered to have met the FAC-COR requirements for Level II. Individuals
certified as FAC-C Level III or FAC-P/PM Senior/Expert are considered
to have met the FAC-COR requirements for Level III. These individuals
must submit their FAC certificates and continuous learning documents
to their BCMs for FAC-COR certification in accordance with the procedures
shown in the Acquisition Workforce Community of Practice accessible
through process that can be
found on GSA's Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>.
               </p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e68" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    HCAs
or their designees, typically BCMs, must do all of the following:</p>
               <ol id="d35e73" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d34e78" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Manage
and monitor their FAC-COR programs.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d34e87" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Coordinate
with the agency ACM to grant certifications.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d34e96" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                           Evaluate
candidate proficiencies and determine course equivalencies for certification,
in accordance with FAI's required COR competencies.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d34e105" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Resolve
any certification-related disputes.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e116" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FAC-COR
application process</i>. Applicants are responsible for preparing
an application package for submission electronically through FAITAS
(<xref href="http://www.fai.gov"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">www.fai.gov</xref>)
for supervisor approval. The application package must include the
application form and copies of relevant training certificates. The
supervisor is responsible for verifying the accuracy and completeness of
the application package in FAITAS. After supervisory review, the
certification request is routed electronically to the BCM. If the
BCM recommends approval, the application is routed to the ACM, unless
delegated, for final approval. After the ACM or designee approves,
the FAC-COR certificate is generated through FAITAS.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e133" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contracting
officer’s responsibilities</i>.</p>
               <ol id="d35e141" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d34e146" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         In appointing
CORs under GSAM <xref href="GSAM-QFVBNAQU.dita#QFVBNAQU"
                              base="QFVBNAQU"
                              outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                              class="- topic/xref ">542.2</xref>,
the contracting officer must take into consideration the appropriate
FAC-COR Level needed to protect the government's interest. The contracting
officer must consider the risk associated with the acquisition,
including contract type, in order to determine the appropriate level
of FAC-COR coverage.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d34e155" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Contracting
officers must provide appointment letters in writing to the contractor,
outlining the COR's responsibilities under the contract and the
limits of the COR's authority to the contractor. The contracting
officer must also provide a copy to the COR and the COR supervisor,
and maintain a copy in the official contract file, or a central
file referenced in the contract file.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d34e164" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The
contracting officer is authorized to revoke a COR appointment. Any
revoked COR appointment must be documented in writing, notifying
the COR, the COR's supervisor, the contractor and the BCM.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e175" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Other
executive agency FAC-COR</i>. GSA will recognize COR certifications
issued by other executive agencies as long as they appear in the
FAITAS certification record and are compliant with current FAC-COR
requirements, including continuous learning.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d34e187" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(h)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">FAITAS</i>.
CORs must be registered in FAITAS, the official system of records
for all civilian agency FAC programs (<xref href="http://www.fai.gov"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">www.fai.gov</xref>). CORs
are responsible for submitting all training and continuous learning
activities into FAITAS.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
