<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="MWIFASPV"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title ">
			      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">541.401</ph> Monthly and annual review.</title>
		    <conbody id="i1879157" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol id="d696e13" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d690e17" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Monthly reviews</i>. As an alternative to the requirements outlined in FAR 41.401, which requires monthly reviews of all invoices with annual values exceeding the simplified acquisition threshold, the Comptroller General decision, B-227682.2, August 16, 1989, 68 Comp. Gen. 618 (GAO) authorized GSA to use an alternative methodology to meet this requirement. The GAO decision allows for the use of statistical sampling techniques to pay and audit utility invoices. Specifically, the GAO decision requires analysis and review of any problems discovered through 3% random sampling, 15% out-of-tolerance reports and historical data of utility invoices. Contract files shall include documentation of any corrective actions taken.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d690e29" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Annual reviews</i>. In addition to the requirements of FAR 41.401, the Public Buildings Service (PBS) will provide further guidance for conducting annual reviews.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
