<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="id195K7J00C5M"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.238-110</ph> Commercial
Satellite Communication (COMSATCOM) Services.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-KOSVKQYR.dita#KOSVKQYR"
                  base="KOSVKQYR"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">538.273</xref>(d)(34)
insert the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">Commercial Satellite Communication
(COMSATCOM) Services (May 2019)</p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   General background.
Special Item Numbers (SINs) have been established for Commercial
Satellite Communications (COMSATCOM) services, focused on transponded
capacity (SIN 132-54) and fixed and mobile subscription services
(SIN 132-55), to make available common COMSATCOM services to all
Ordering Activities.</p>
            </li>
            <li props="Runin" class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Information
assurance.</i>
               </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The
Contractor shall demonstrate, to the maximum extent practicable,
the ability to meet:</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                               The
Committee on National Security Systems Policy (CNSSP) 12, “National
Information Assurance Policy for Space Systems used to Support National
Security Missions,” or</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                               Department of
Defense Directive (DoDD) 8581.1, “Information Assurance (IA) Policy
for Space Systems Used by the Department of Defense.”</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The Contractor
shall demonstrate the ability to comply with the Federal Information
Security Management Act of 2002 as implemented by Federal Information
Processing Standards Publication 200 (FIPS 200), “Minimum Security Requirements
for Federal Information and Information Systems.” In response to
ordering activity requirements, at a minimum, all services shall
meet the requirements assigned against:</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                               A low-impact information
system (per FIPS 200) that is described in the current revision
of National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special
Publication (SP) 800-53, “Recommended Security Controls for Federal
Information Systems and Organizations,” or</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                               A Mission Assurance
Category (MAC) III system that is described in the current revision
of DoD Instruction (DoDI) 8500.2, “Information Assurance Implementation.”</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The Contractor's
information assurance boundary is where the Contractor's services
connect to the user terminals/equipment (i.e., includes satellite
command encryption (ground and space); systems used in the Satellite
Operations Centers (SOCs), Network Operations Centers (NOCs) and
teleport; and terrestrial infrastructure required for service delivery).</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Delivery schedule.</i> The
Contractor shall deliver COMSATCOM services in accordance with <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        base="id195DB060A6L"
                        href="GSAM-552.238-86.dita#id195DB060A6L">552.238-86</xref>.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Portability.</i> The
Contractor shall have the capability to redeploy COMSATCOM services,
subject to availability. Portability shall be provided within the
COMSATCOM Contractor's resources at any time as requested by the
ordering activity. When portability is exercised, evidence of equivalent
net present value (NPV) shall be provided by the Contractor.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Flexibility/optimization.</i> The
Contractor shall have the capability to re-groom resources for spectral,
operational, or price efficiencies. Flexibility/optimization shall
be provided within the COMSATCOM Contractor's resources at any time as
requested by the ordering activity. When flexibility/optimization
is exercised, evidence of equivalent net present value (NPV) shall
be provided by the Contractor. The Contractor is encouraged to submit
re-grooming approaches for ordering activity consideration that
may increase efficiencies for existing COMSATCOM services.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Net ready (interoperability).</i> COMSATCOM
services shall be consistent with commercial standards and practices.
Services shall have the capability to access and/or interoperate
with Government or other Commercial teleports/gateways and provide
enterprise service access to or among networks or enclaves. Interfaces
may be identified as interoperable on the basis of participation
in a sponsored interoperability program.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Network monitoring
(Net OPS).</i> The Contractor shall have the capability to electronically
collect and deliver near real-time monitoring, fault/incident/outage
reporting, and information access to ensure effective and efficient
operations, performance, and availability, consistent with commercial
practices. Consistent with the Contractor's standard management
practices, the Net Ops information will be provided on a frequency
(example: every 6 hours, daily) and format (example: SNMP, XML)
as defined in a requirement to a location/entity/electronic interface
defined by the ordering activity. Specific reporting requirements
will be defined by the Ordering Activity.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(h)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">EMI/RFI identification,
characterization, and geo-location.</i> The Contractor shall have
the capability to collect and electronically report in near real-time
Electro Magnetic Interference (EMI) / Radio Frequency Interference
(RFI) identification, characterization, and geo-location, including
the ability to identify and characterize sub-carrier EMI/RFI being transmitted
underneath an authorized carrier, and the ability to geo-locate
the source of any and all EMI/RFI. The Contractor shall establish
and use with the ordering activity a mutually agreed upon media
and voice communications capability capable of protecting “Sensitive,
but Unclassified” data.</p>
            </li>
            <li props="Runin" class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Security.</i>
               </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The Contractor
may be required to obtain/possess varying levels of personnel and
facility security clearances up to U.S. Government TOP SECRET/Sensitive
Compartmented Information (TS/SCI) or equivalent clearances assigned
by the National Security Authority of a NATO Member State or Major
Non-NATO Ally.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         For incident resolution
involving classified matters, the Contractor shall provide appropriately
cleared staff who can affect COMSATCOM services operations (example:
satellite payload operations, network operations). The Contractor
shall provide a minimum of one operations staff member AND a minimum
of one person with the authority to commit the company if resolution
requires business impacting decisions (example: Chief Executive
Officer, Chief Operations Officer, etc.).</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         When Communications
Security or Transmission Security equipment or keying material is
placed in the equipment/terminal shelter, the Contractor shall ensure
compliance with applicable physical security directives/guidelines and
that all deployed equipment/terminal operations and maintenance
personnel shall possess the appropriate clearances, equal to or
higher than the classification level of the data being transmitted.
Where local regulations require use of foreign personnel for terminal
operations and maintenance, then the Contractor shall ensure compliance
with applicable security directives/guidelines and document to the
U.S. Government's satisfaction that protective measures are in place
and such individuals have equivalent clearances granted by the local
host nation.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         For classified
operations security (OPSEC), the Contractor shall ensure that all
personnel in direct contact with classified OPSEC indicators (example:
the unit, location, and time of operations) have U.S. SECRET or
higher personnel security clearances, or, as appropriate, equivalent
clearances assigned by the National Security Authority of a NATO
Member State or Major Non-NATO Ally, in accordance with applicable
security directives and guidelines.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         For classified
requirements, cleared satellite operator staff must have access
to secure voice communications for emergency purposes. Communications
security equipment certified by the National Security Agency (NSA)
to secure unclassified and up to and including SECRET communication
transmissions at all operations centers is preferred. If a Contractor
is unable to have access to NSA-approved communications security
equipment at its operations centers, then a combination of a “Sensitive
but Unclassified” (SBU) cryptographic module approved by the U.S.
National Institute for Standards and Technology and pre-arranged
access to National Security Agency-approved communications security equipment
at an agreed alternate facility is acceptable.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(6)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The Contractor
shall have the capability to “mask” or “protect” users against unauthorized
release of identifying information to any entity that could compromise
operations security. Identifying information includes but is not
limited to personal user and/or unit information including tail
numbers, unit names, unit numbers, individual names, individual contact
numbers, street addresses, etc.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(j)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   T<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">hird party
billing for COMSATCOM subscription services.</i>The Contractor shall
identify authorized network infrastructure for the ordering activity.
In some cases, the user of the terminal may access network infrastructure
owned or operated by a third party. In the event a terminal is used
on a third party's network infrastructure, the Contractor shall
provide to the ordering activity, invoices and documentation reflecting
actual usage amount and third party charges incurred. The ordering
activity shall be billed the actual third party charges incurred,
or the contract third party billing price, whichever is less.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
