<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="i1874019"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.238-77</ph> Submission
and Distribution of Authorized Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) Price
Lists.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="GSAM-KOSVKQYR.dita#KOSVKQYR"
                  class="- topic/xref "/>(d)(1),
insert the following clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">Submission and Distribution
of Authorized Federal Supply Schedule (FSS) Price Lists (May 2019)</p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  Definition.
For the purposes of this clause, the Mailing List is <cite outputclass="MultiLine" xtrc="552.238-77_d915e30">[<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contracting officer shall insert
either: “the list of addressees provided to the Contractor by the
Contracting Officer” or “the Contractor's listing of its Federal
Government customers”</i>]</cite>.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  The
Contracting Officer will return one copy of the Authorized FSS Schedule
Pricelist to the Contractor with the notification of contract award.</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  The
Contractor shall provide to the GSA Contracting Officer:</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>  Two
paper copies of Authorized FSS Schedule Pricelist; and</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> The
Authorized FSS Schedule Pricelist on a common-use electronic medium.
The Contracting Officer will provide detailed instructions for the
electronic submission with the award notification. Some structured
data entry in a prescribed format may be required. </p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  The
Contractor shall provide to each addressee on the mailing list either;</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>  One
paper copy of the Authorized FSS Schedule Price List; or</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>  A
self-addressed, postage-paid envelope or postcard to be returned
by addressees that want to receive a paper copy of the pricelist.
The Contractor shall distribute price lists within 20 calendar days
after receipt of returned requests.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  The
Contractor shall advise each addressee of the availability of pricelist
information through the on-line Multiple Award Schedule electronic
data base.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>  The
Contractor shall make all of the distributions required in this
paragraph (c) at least 15 calendar days before the beginning of
the contract period, or within 30 calendar days after receipt of
the Contracting Officer's approval for printing, whichever is later.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>  During
the period of the contract, the Contractor shall provide one copy
of its Authorized FSS Schedule Pricelist to any authorized schedule
user, upon request. Use of the mailing list for any other purpose
is not authorized.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="SpAbove12pt" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Alternate I</i>(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">May</i> 2019).
As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="GSAM-KOSVKQYR.dita#KOSVKQYR"
                  class="- topic/xref "/>(a)(2),
substitute the following paragraph (a) for paragraph (a) of the
basic clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Definition. For the
purposes of this clause, the Mailing List is <cite outputclass="MultiLine" xtrc="552.238-77_d915e155">[<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contracting officer shall insert
either: “the list of addressees provided to the Contractor by the
Contracting Officer” or “the Contractor's listing of its ordering
activity customers”</i>]</cite>.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
