<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="i1874262"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.242-70</ph> Status
Report of Orders and Shipments.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  href="GSAM-KAOMKQKG.dita#KAOMKQKG"
                  class="- topic/xref ">542.1107</xref>,
insert the following clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">Status Report of
Orders and Shipments (Feb2009)</p>
         <ol id="d886e21" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d878e26" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                    The
Contractor shall furnish to the Administrative Contracting Officer
(ACO) a report covering orders received and shipments made during
each calendar month of contract performance. The information required
by the Government shall be reported on <xref href="http://uscode.house.gov/browse.xhtml;jsessionid=114A3287C7B3359E597506A31FC855B3"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">GSAForm1678</xref>,
Status Report of Orders and Shipments, in accordance with instructions
on the form. The information required by the GSAForm1678 may also
be submitted in an automated printout form if authorized by the
ACO. Alternatively, the required information may be reported by
electronic data interchange using ANSI standards. For further information,
contact GSA, Contract Administration Division </p>
               <p id="i202O980L05Z" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">. Reports shall be forwarded to the ACO no
later than the seventh workday of the succeeding month.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d878e43" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                    A copy of GSA Form 1678
will be forwarded to the Contractor with the contract. Additional
copies of the form, if needed, may be reproduced by the Contractor.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
