<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="GSAM_536-7001-3"
            audience="GSAM"
            rev="CHANGE 121 DECEMBER 30, 2020"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAM" xtrf="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">536.7001-3</ph> Methods
of contracting.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> Contracting
officers shall acquire art in architecture services by negotiation,
and select sources in accordance with 536.7003</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph> To the extent
practicable, contracting officers should consider the GSA National
Artists Registry to conduct market research but may use alternative
sources or a combination of these methods.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph> The advisory multi-step
process described in FAR 15.202 may be adapted for use with acquisitions
under this subpart. In an advisory process, potential offerors submit
information pre-solicitation that allows the Government to advise
them about their potential to be viable competitors. No respondent
is precluded from competing under an advisory process, but it may
and often does result in a more focused and effective competition
with long-shot respondents opting out.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph> A phased evaluation
may be adapted for use with acquisitions under this subpart. In
a phased evaluation, many offers are evaluated in the first phase
under first round evaluation criteria. Fewer offers are considered
in one or more subsequent phases on additional pre-specified evaluation
criteria. While an initial phase evaluation decision is not a competitive
range decision, it does eliminate proposals from the competition,
so a pre-award notice to unsuccessful offerors is required. If a
proposal is determined to be technically unacceptable, price does
not need to be considered. Price must be considered for phases where
an offer is eliminated from competition based on a tradeoff approach
and prior to award.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph> All art in architecture contracts shall be fixed-priced
contracts only, Final concept design and fabrication shall be fixed price.
Unless otherwise justified in writing, all installation of artwork
shall be fixed price.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph> Artwork may be fabricated and installed through
the construction contract for the project if the construction contractor will
contribute significantly to the successful completion of the artwork.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph> The total price of the artwork must be consistent
with the GSA Art in Architecture (AiA) Policies and Procedures Guide at <xref href="https://gsa.gov/artinarchitecture"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">https://gsa.gov/artinarchitecture</xref>.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
