<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="LWSCCJYG"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title id="id183G9B0027Q" xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">502.101</ph> Definitions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Agency competition advocate” means the GSA Competition
Advocate in the Office of the Chief Acquisition Officer.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Agency labor advisor” means the Director of the General Services
Acquisition Policy Division within the Office of Acquisition Policy.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Assigned counsel” means the attorney in the Office of General
Counsel (including offices of Regional Counsel) assigned to provide
legal review or assistance.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Acquisition Workforce (AWF)” means individuals who perform various
acquisition-related functions to support the accomplishment of an
agency's mission. Acquisition, pursuant to 41 U.S.C. 403, includes,
among traditional contracting functions, requirements definition,
measurement of contract performance, and technical and management
direction. Membership in the AWF may be on a full-time, part-time,
or occasional basis.<ol class="- topic/ol ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p id="id216AH0R0DL7" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> Members of the AWF may
include:</p>
                        <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0R0PPM" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> Individuals
who are substantially involved in defining, determining, and managing
acquisition requirements,</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0R0S4B" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> Individuals
involved in acquisition planning and strategy,</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0R0TE6" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph> Individuals
who participate in the process of establishing the business relationship
to obtain needed goods and services (e.g., contracting process,
those involved in the solicitation, evaluation and award of acquisitions),</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0R0T0A" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iv)</ph> Individuals
who manage the process after business arrangements have been established
to ensure that the government's needs are met (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, testing
and evaluating, managing and monitoring the manufacturing and production activities,
auditing, contract administration, performance management and evaluation,
etc.),</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0R0U4E" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(v)</ph> Individuals
who arrange disposal of any residual items after work is complete,
(<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, property management/disposal),</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0R0V44" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(vi)</ph> Individuals
who support the business processes of the activities listed in this
paragraph (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.,</i> subject matter experts), and</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0R0WE9" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(vii)</ph> Individuals
who directly manage those involved in any of the activities listed
in this paragraph.</p>
                           </li>
                        </ol>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p id="id216AH0R0HBL" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> At
a minimum, the acquisition workforce of the agency, includes:</p>
                        <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0R90EX" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> All
positions in the general schedule contracting series (GS-1102),
realty series (GS-1170), and other series, as identified by the
Chief Acquisition Officer, Senior Procurement Executive or Head
of Contracting Activity.</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0RA0YE" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> All
contracting officers (CO) regardless of general schedule series
with authority to obligate funds above the micropurchase threshold.</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0RA0UX" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph> All
positions in the general schedule purchasing series (GS-1105).</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0RA0LK" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iv)</ph> Program
and project managers, as identified by the Chief Acquisition Officer
(CAO), the Senior Procurement Executive, or HCA.</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0RB09N" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(v)</ph> All
Contracting Officer's Representatives (CORs) or equivalent positions.</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p id="id216AH0RC00A" class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(vi)</ph> Any
significant acquisition-related positions identified by the CAO,
Senior Procurement Executive or Head of Contracting Activity, or
equivalent, using the guidance provided in this paragraph.</p>
                           </li>
                        </ol>
                     </li>
                  </ol>
               </li>
            </ol>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Procuring activity competition advocate” means the individual
designated in writing by the Head of the Contracting Activity (HCA).</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Commercial supplier agreements” means terms
and conditions customarily offered to the public by vendors of supplies
or services that meet the definition of “commercial item” set forth
in FAR 2.101 and intended to create a binding legal obligation on
the end user. Commercial supplier agreements are particularly common
in information technology acquisitions, including acquisitions of
commercial computer software and commercial technical data, but
they may apply to any supply or service. The term applies–</p>
         <ol id="d42e27" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d41e34" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  Regardless
of the format or style of the document. For example, a commercial
supplier agreement may be styled as standard terms of sale or lease,
Terms of Service (TOS), End User License Agreement (EULA), or another
similar legal instrument or agreement, and may be presented as part
of a proposal or quotation responding to a solicitation for a contract or
order;</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d41e43" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  Regardless of the media
or delivery mechanism used. For example, a commercial supplier agreement
may be presented as one or more paper documents or may appear on
a computer or other electronic device screen during a purchase, software
installation, other product delivery, registration for a service,
or another transaction.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Contracting director” means:</p>
         <ol id="d42e53" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d41e58" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  Except
in the Federal Acquisition Service (FAS), a director of a Central
Office or Regional office Division responsible for performing contracting
or contract administration functions.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d41e67" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  In
FAS Central Office—</p>
               <ol id="d42e72" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id206P7N0025Z" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  The Deputy Commissioner
for Technology Transformation Services or designee;</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d41e77" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  The
Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Assisted Acquisition Services
or designee;</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d41e86" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  The
Assistant Commissioner for the Office of General Supplies and Services
Categories or designee;</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d41e95" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>  The
Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Information Technology
Category or designee;</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id206P7N00JY4" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>  The
Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Professional Services and
Human Capital Categories or designee; and</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d41e104" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(6)</ph>  The
Assistant Commissioner for Travel, Transportation, and Logistics
Categories or designee; and</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d41e113" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(7)</ph>  The
Assistant Commissioner for the Office of Policy and Compliance or
designee for support offices with contracting functions.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d41e124" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>  In
FAS Regions, the Assistant Regional Commissioner or designee.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p id="d41e132" class="- topic/p ">“Debarring official” or “suspending official”
means the individual designated as GSA’s Suspension &amp; Debarment
Official.</p>
         <p id="id18C490A0LMJ" class="- topic/p ">“GSA information technology” means information
technology as defined in FAR 2 that is owned or operated by the
U.S. General Services Administration or by a contractor or other
organization on behalf of the U.S. General Services Administration.</p>
         <p id="d41e139" class="- topic/p ">“Head of the contracting activity” means the Senior
Procurement Executive (SPE); the Commissioners and Deputy Commissioners
of the Federal Acquisition Service (FAS) and the Public Buildings
Service (PBS); or their re-delegates. The Chief Administrative Services
Officer serves as the HCA for the Internal Acquisition Division
within the Office of Administrative Services. These officials serve
within the limits of their delegated authority. Information on GSA's
Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>.</p>
         <p id="id21938H00K5Z" class="- topic/p ">“IN-Depth
Feedback through Open Reporting Methods (INFORM)” means GSA’s enhanced
debrief and explanation communication procedures detailed in <xref href="GSAM-515.370.dita#GSAM_515_370"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">515.370</xref>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">“Senior procurement executive” means the Deputy Chief Acquisition
Officer.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
