<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="id1945E0UI0I8"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
			      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.236-15</ph> Schedules for Construction Contracts.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-536.515.dita#id1941EG00QCV"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.515</xref>, insert the following clause:</p>
			      <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">Schedules for Construction Contracts (Mar 2019)</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">The requirements, of the clause entitled “Schedules for Construction Contracts” at FAR 52.236-15, are supplemented as follows:</p>
			      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Purpose</i>. The project schedule shall be a rational, reasonable, and realistic plan for completing the work, and conform to the requirements specified in this clause and elsewhere in the contract. The Contractor understands and acknowledges that the preparation and proper management of the project schedule is a material component of the contract.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Use of the schedule</i>. The Contracting Officer shall be entitled, but not required, to rely upon the project schedule to evaluate the Contractor's progress, evaluate entitlement to extensions of time, and determine the criticality or float of any activities described in such project schedule.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             Submission. Prior to notice to proceed, or such other time as may be specified in the contract, the Contractor shall submit the project schedule.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Milestones</i>. The project schedule shall incorporate milestone events specified in the contract, including, as applicable, notice to proceed, substantial completion, and milestones related to specified work phases and site restrictions. The project schedule shall also include Contractor-defined milestones to identify target dates for critical events, based upon the Contractor's chosen sequence of work.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Activities</i>. The project schedule shall depict all major activities necessary to complete the work.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li props="Runin" class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Schedule of values</i>.</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
							              <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 The Contractor shall prepare and submit for approval a cost breakdown of the Contract price, to be referred to as the “schedule of values”, assigning values to each major activity necessary to complete the work.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
							              <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 Values must include all direct and indirect costs, although a separate value for bond costs may be established.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
							              <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 The schedule of values must contain sufficient detail to enable the Contracting Officer to evaluate applications for payment.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li props="Runin" class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conflicting terms</i>.</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
							              <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 If at any time the Contracting Officer finds that the project schedule does not comply with any contract requirement, the Contracting Officer will provide written notice to the Contractor.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
							              <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 Within 30 calendar days of written notice, or such other time as may be specified, from the Contracting Officer, the Contractor shall take one of the following actions:</p>
							              <ol class="- topic/ol ">
								                <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
									                  <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
										                     Revise the project schedule.</p>
								                </li>
								                <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
									                  <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
										                     Adjust activity progress.</p>
								                </li>
								                <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
									                  <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
										                     Provide sufficient information demonstrating compliance.</p>
								                </li>
							              </ol>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
							              <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 If the Contractor fails to sufficiently address the Contracting Officer's exceptions to the project schedule, the Contracting Officer may-</p>
							              <ol class="- topic/ol ">
								                <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
									                  <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
										                     Withhold retainage until the project is substantially complete or until such time as the Contractor has complied with project schedule requirements; or</p>
								                </li>
								                <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
									                  <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
										                     Terminate the contract for default.</p>
								                </li>
							              </ol>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(h)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Revisions to the schedule</i>. If the Contractor revises the project schedule after initial approved submission, the Contractor shall provide in writing a narrative describing the substance of the revision, the rationale for the revision, and the impact of the revision on the projected substantial completion date and the available float for all activities. The addition of detail to prospective activities shall not be deemed a revision if the overall duration of the detailed activity does not change.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Updates</i>. Unless a different period for updates is specified elsewhere, the Contractor shall update the project schedule weekly to reflect actual progress in completing the work, and submit the updated project schedule by the following Monday.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Endofclause" audience="GSAR">(End of clause)</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="NoIndent" audience="GSAR">Alternate I (<term class="- topic/term ">Mar</term> 2019). As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-536.515.dita#id1941EG00QCV"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.515</xref>(a), substitute the following paragraphs (c), (e), (h), and (i) for paragraphs (c), (e), (h), and (i) of the basic clause:</p>
			      <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submission</i>. Within 30 calendar days of notice to proceed, or such other time as may be specified in the contract, the Contractor shall submit the project schedule, together with a written narrative describing the major work activities, activities on the critical path, and major constraints underlying the sequence and logic of the project schedule.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" audience="GSAR">(e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Activities</i>. (1) The Contractor shall use a critical path method project schedule to plan, coordinate, and perform the work.</p>
			      <p outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">(2) The project schedule shall depict all activities necessary to complete the work, including, as applicable, all submittal and submittal review activities, all procurement activities, and all field activities, including mobilization, construction, start-up, testing, balancing, commissioning, and punchlist.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2" audience="GSAR">(3) Activities shall be sufficiently detailed and limited in duration to enable proper planning and coordination of the work, effective evaluation of the reasonableness and realism of the project schedule, accurate monitoring of progress, and reliable analysis of schedule impacts.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2" audience="GSAR">(4) Activity durations shall be based upon reasonable and realistic allocation of the resources required to complete each activity, given physical and logistical constraints on the performance of the work. All logic shall validly reflect physical or logistical constraints on relationships between activities. Except for the first and last activities in the project schedule, each activity shall have at least one predecessor and one successor relationship to form a logically connected network plan from notice to proceed to the contract completion date.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" audience="GSAR">(h) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Revisions to the schedule.</i> (1) The Contractor should anticipate that the initial submittal of the project schedule will be subject to review and may require revision. The Contractor shall devote sufficient resources for meetings, revisions, and resubmissions of the project schedule to address any exceptions taken to the initial submittal. The Contractor understands and acknowledges that the purpose of the initial review and resolution of exceptions is to maximize the usefulness of the project schedule for contract performance.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2" audience="GSAR">(2) If the Contractor revises the project schedule after initial approved submission, the Contractor shall provide in writing a narrative describing the substance of the revision, the rationale for the revision, and the impact of the revision on the projected substantial completion date and the available float for all activities. The addition of detail to prospective activities shall not be deemed a revision if the overall duration of the detailed activity does not change.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3" audience="GSAR">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Updates</i>. Unless a different period for updates is specified elsewhere, the Contractor shall update the project schedule monthly to reflect actual progress in completing the work, and submit the updated project schedule within 5 working days of the end of each month.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="NoIndent" audience="GSAR">Alternate II (<term class="- topic/term ">Mar</term> 2019). As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-536.515.dita#id1941EG00QCV"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.515</xref>(b), substitute the following paragraphs (c), (e), and (i) for paragraphs (c), (e), and (i) of the basic clause:</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" audience="GSAR">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submission</i>. Within 30 calendar days of notice to proceed, or such other time as may be specified in the contract, the Contractor shall submit the project schedule, together with a written narrative describing the major work activities, activities on the critical path, and major constraints underlying the sequence and logic of the project schedule.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" audience="GSAR">(e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Activities</i>. (1) The Contractor shall use a critical path method project schedule to plan, coordinate, and perform the work.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2" audience="GSAR">(2) The project schedule shall depict all activities necessary to complete the work, including, as applicable, all submittal and submittal review activities, all procurement activities, and all field activities, including mobilization, construction, start-up, testing, balancing, commissioning, and punchlist. (3) Activities shall be sufficiently detailed and limited in duration to enable proper planning and coordination of the work, effective evaluation of the reasonableness and realism of the project schedule, accurate monitoring of progress, and reliable analysis of schedule impacts. (4) Activity durations shall be based upon reasonable and realistic allocation of the resources required to complete each activity, given physical and logistical constraints on the performance of the work. All logic shall validly reflect physical or logistical constraints on relationships between activities. Except for the first and last activities in the project schedule, each activity shall have at least one predecessor and one successor relationship to form a logically connected network plan from notice to proceed to the contract completion date.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" audience="GSAR">(h) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Revisions to the schedule</i>. (1) The Contractor should anticipate that the initial submittal of the project schedule will be subject to review and may require revision. The Contractor shall devote sufficient resources for meetings, revisions, and resubmissions of the project schedule to address any exceptions taken to the initial submittal. The Contractor understands and acknowledges that the purpose of the initial review and resolution of exceptions is to maximize the usefulness of the project schedule for contract performance.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2" audience="GSAR">(2) If the Contractor revises the project schedule after initial approved submission, the Contractor shall provide in writing a narrative describing the substance of the revision, the rationale for the revision, and the impact of the revision on the projected substantial completion date and the available float for all activities. The addition of detail to prospective activities shall not be deemed a revision if the overall duration of the detailed activity does not change.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" audience="GSAR">(i) Updates. Unless a different period for updates is specified elsewhere, the Contractor shall update the project schedule monthly to reflect actual progress in completing the work, and submit the updated project schedule within 5 working days of the end of each month.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="NoIndent" audience="GSAR">Alternate II (<term class="- topic/term ">Mar</term> 2019). As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-536.515.dita#id1941EG00QCV"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.515</xref>(b), substitute the following paragraphs (c), (e), and (i) for paragraphs (c), (e), and (i) of the basic clause:</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" audience="GSAR">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submission</i>. (1) Within 30 calendar days of notice to proceed, or such other time as may be specified in the contract, the Contractor shall submit the project schedule, together with a written narrative describing the major design and construction activities. The project schedule may indicate construction activities in summary form prior to completion of final design documents</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2" audience="GSAR">(2) Within 30 calendar days of completion of final design documents, the Contractor shall submit a revised project schedule depicting all activities necessary to complete construction work activities, together with a written narrative describing the major work activities, activities on the critical path, and major constraints underlying the sequence and logic of the project schedule.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" audience="GSAR">(e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Activities</i>. (1) The Contractor shall use a critical path method project schedule to plan, coordinate, and perform the work.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2" audience="GSAR">(2) Activities shall be sufficiently detailed and limited in duration to enable proper planning and coordination of the work, effective evaluation of the reasonableness and realism of the project schedule, accurate monitoring of progress, and reliable analysis of schedule impacts.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2" audience="GSAR">(3) Activity durations shall be based upon reasonable and realistic allocation of the resources required to complete each activity, given physical and logistical constraints on the performance of the work. All logic shall validly reflect physical or logistical constraints on relationships between activities. Except for the first and last activities in the project schedule, each activity shall have at least one predecessor and one successor relationship to form a logically connected network plan from notice to proceed to the contract completion date.</p>
			      <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1" audience="GSAR">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Updates</i>. Unless a different period for updates is specified elsewhere, the Contractor shall update the project schedule monthly to reflect actual progress in completing the work, and submit the updated project schedule within 5 working days of the end of each month.</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
