<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="id1945FG00762"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" xtrf="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.236-71</ph> Contractor
Responsibilities.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-536.571.dita#id1941F0V035U"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.571</xref>, insert the following
clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">Contractor Responsibilities
(Mar 2019)</p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                   The
Contractor shall be responsible for compliance with applicable codes,
standards and regulations pertaining to the health and safety of
personnel during performance of the contract.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                   Unless
expressly stated otherwise in the contract, the Contractor shall
be responsible for all means and methods employed in the performance
of the contract.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                   The
Contractor shall immediately bring to the Contracting Officer's
attention any hazardous materials or conditions not disclosed in
the contract documents discovered by or made known to the Contractor
during the performance of the contract.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                   The
Contractor shall be responsible for providing professional design
services in connection with performance of the work or portions
of the work only if this responsibility is expressly stated in the
contract, and the contract documents provide the performance and
design criteria that such services will be required to satisfy.
In the performance of such work, the Contractor shall be responsible
for retaining licensed design professionals, who shall sign and
seal all drawings, calculations, specifications and other submittals
that the licensed professional prepares. The Contractor shall be
responsible for, and GSA shall be entitled to rely upon, the adequacy
and completeness of all professional design services provided under
the contract.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>
                  
                   Where
installation of separate work components as shown in the contract
will result in conflict or interference between such components
or with existing conditions, including allowable tolerances, it
is the Contractor's responsibility to bring such conflict or interference
to the attention of the Contracting Officer and seek direction before
fabrication, construction, or installation of any affected work.
If the Contractor fabricates, constructs, or installs any work prior
to receiving such direction, the Contractor shall be responsible
for all cost and time incurred to resolve or mitigate such conflict
or interference.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>
                  
                   Where
drawings show work without specific routing, dimensions, locations,
or position relative to other work or existing conditions, and such
information is not specifically defined by reference to specifications
or other information supplied in the contract, the Contractor is
responsible for routing, dimensioning, and locating such work in
coordination with other work or existing conditions in a manner
consistent with contract requirements.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph>
                  
                   It
is not the Contractor's responsibility to ensure that the contract
documents comply with applicable laws, statutes, building codes
and regulations. If it comes to the attention of the Contractor
that any of the contract documents do not comply with such requirements,
the Contractor shall promptly notify the Contracting Officer in
writing. If the Contractor performs any of the work prior to notifying
and receiving direction from the Contracting Officer, the Contractor
shall assume full responsibility for correction of such work, and
any fees or penalties that may be assessed for non-compliance.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">Alternate I (<term class="- topic/term ">Mar</term> 2019).
As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-536.571.dita#id1941F0V035U"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.571</xref>, delete paragraphs
(d), (e), (f), and (g) of the basic clause, and insert paragraphs (d),
(e), (f), and (g) as follows:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) The Contractor shall
be responsible for providing professional design services unless
this responsibility is expressly excluded from the contract. In
the performance of such work, the Contractor shall be responsible
for retaining licensed design professionals, who shall sign and
seal all drawings, calculations, specifications and other submittals
that the licensed professional prepares. The Contractor shall be
responsible for, and GSA shall be entitled to rely upon, the adequacy
and completeness of all professional design services provided under
the contract.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) The Contractor's
responsibilities include the responsibilities of the Architect-Engineer
Contractor, as specified in FAR 52.236-23.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(f) The Contractor shall
include in all subcontracts that require professional design services
express terms establishing GSA as a third party beneficiary. No
other person shall be deemed a third party beneficiary of the contract.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(g) The Contractor shall
determine whether the information contained in the contract documents
complies with applicable laws, statutes, building codes and regulations.
If it comes to the attention of the Contractor that any of the contract
documents do not comply with such requirements, the Contractor shall
promptly notify the Contracting Officer in writing. If the Contractor
performs any of the work prior to notifying and receiving direction
from the Contracting Officer, the Contractor shall assume full responsibility
for correction of such work, and any fees or penalties that may
be assessed for non-compliance.</p>
         <p id="id201IA0FK0A0"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="NoIndent"
            class="- topic/p ">Alternate
II (<term class="- topic/term ">Jan</term> 2020). As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="id1941F0V035U"
                  href="GSAM-536.571.dita#id1941F0V035U">536.571</xref>(b), delete
paragraphs (d), (e), (f), and (g) of the basic clause, and insert
paragraphs (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), and (j) as follows:</p>
         <p id="id201IA0G20LU"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(d)
The Contractor shall be responsible for performing the design phase
services in accordance with the statement of work. The Contractor
shall submit all deliverables and reports in accordance with the
statement of work. </p>
         <p id="id201IA0H001A"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(e)
The Contractor shall be responsible to review all design information
(e.g. draft specifications and drawings) provided. The Contractor
shall be responsible for determining that the project as described
in the design information is constructible using commercially practicable
means and methods; that the construction work is described in the
design documents with sufficient completeness to enable pricing
of a complete project within the guaranteed maximum price; and that
the manner of presentation and organization of information in the
design documents enables accurate estimation of the cost of the work. </p>
         <p id="id201IA0H06P6"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(f)
Prior to establishment of the final estimated cost of work, the
Contractor shall bring to the Contracting Officer's attention all
instances that it has discovered or has been made aware of where
design errors and omissions affect the Contractor's ability to accurately
estimate the cost of the work.</p>
         <p id="id201IA0H0A1C"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(g)
Where installation of separate work components as shown in the contract
will result in conflict or interference between such components
or with existing conditions, including allowable tolerances, it
is the Contractor's responsibility to bring such conflict or interference
to the attention of the Contracting Officer and seek direction before
fabrication, construction, or installation of any affected work.
 If the Contractor fabricates, constructs, or installs any work
prior to receiving such direction, the Contractor shall be responsible
for all cost and time incurred to resolve or mitigate such conflict
or interference.</p>
         <p id="id201IA0H0EVU"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(h)
Where drawings show work without specific routing, dimensions, locations,
or position relative to other work or existing conditions, and such
information is not specifically defined by reference to specifications
or other information supplied in the contract, the Contractor is
responsible for routing, dimensioning, and locating such work in
coordination with other work or existing conditions in a manner
consistent with contract requirements.</p>
         <p id="id201IA0H0I1L"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(i)
It is not the Contractor's responsibility to ensure that the contract
documents comply with applicable laws, statutes, building codes
and regulations. If it comes to the attention of the Contractor
that any of the contract documents do not comply with such requirements,
the Contractor shall promptly notify the Contracting Officer in
writing. If the Contractor performs any of the work prior to notifying
and receiving direction from the Contracting Officer, the Contractor
shall assume full responsibility for correction of such work, and
any fees or penalties that may be assessed for non-compliance.</p>
         <p id="id201IA0H0MV3"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(j)
The Contractor is responsible to construct the project in accordance
with the drawings and specifications.  The final Estimated Cost
of the Construction Work (ECW) may be determined based upon incomplete
design documents.  In those instances in which the drawings and
specifications are not complete at the time the final ECW is established,
the Contractor shall exercise reasonable care and judgment to determine
the intent of the design and shall calculate the final ECW on the basis
of the quality of construction, materials, and finishes that can
be reasonably inferred from the design documents or other specified
sources.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
