<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="EMARVODM"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">504.1103</ph> Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">In addition to the requirements found
in FAR 4.1103, prior to awarding a contractual instrument the contracting
officer must-</p>
         <ol id="d106e16" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d105e20" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    Verify
that the prospective contractor’s legal business name, Doing-Business-As
(DBA) name (if any), physical street address, and unique entity identifier, as
found in the System for Award Management (SAM), match the information
that will be included in the contract, order, or agreement resulting
from the vendor's quote or proposal. Correct any mismatches by having
the vendor amend the information in the SAM and/or the quote or
proposal.  
               </p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d105e34" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    Ensure that the contractor’s
address code exists in Pegasys and that it is SAM enabled with the
contractor’s DUNS or DUNS+4 number. This can be done by searching
Pegasys records using the contractor’s Taxpayer Identification Number
(TIN). If no code exists, request that a new address code be established
by the Finance Center for SAM compliance.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d105e43" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    Ensure that the contractor’s
identifying information is correctly placed on the contractual instrument,
using special care to ensure that the legal name and “remit to”
name match exactly. (Note: Lockbox names or numbers should not be used
to replace the contractor’s name in the remittance block on the
contractual instrument.)</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d105e52" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                   Unless one of the exceptions to
registration in SAM applies (see FAR 4.1102(a)), the contracting
officer must not award a contract to a prospective contractor who
is not registered in SAM. If no exceptions are applicable, and the
needs of the requiring activity allows for a delay in award, see
FAR 4.1103(b)(1).</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
