<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "/home/ec2-user/ditatool/dita-ot-2.5.4/plugins/org.oasis-open.dita.v1_3/dtd/technicalContent/dtd/ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="i1883672">
      <title>
         <ph props="autonumber">523.105</ph> Sustainability Exceptions.</title>
      <conbody id="i1883674">
         <ol id="d471e13">
            <li id="Iejoea">
               <p id="d467e17">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  <i>Allowable Exceptions</i>. An exception for acquiring sustainable products or services is available if any of the following conditions exist:</p>
               <ol id="d471e26">
                  <li id="TmBAUJ">
                     <p id="d467e30">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>Product or service cannot be acquired competitively within a reasonable performance schedule.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li id="WIHKXS">
                     <p id="d467e39">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>Product or service cannot be acquired that meets reasonable performance requirements.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li id="DwScjv">
                     <p id="d467e48">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>Product or service cannot be acquired at a reasonable price.</p>
                     <ol id="d471e54">
                        <li id="pqOCPd">
                           <p id="d467e58">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>The price shall be deemed unreasonable when the total life cycle costs are significantly higher for the sustainable product or service versus the non-sustainable product or service.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li id="PYVJzu">
                           <p id="d467e67">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>For more information on conducting a life cycle cost analysis (LCCA), review the guidance <ph id="29bzzbux" rev="CHANGE 138 OCTOBER XX, 2021">available at</ph>
                              <xref format="html" href="https://sftool.gov/" scope="external">https://sftool.gov/</xref>.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li id="egsyfp">
                     <p id="d467e82">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>A specific statutory exemption applies.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li id="afCfaC">
               <p id="d467e93">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  <i>Documentation Process.</i> If at any point during the acquisition the contracting officer determines that a contract action cannot comply with the sustainable requirements outlined in GSAM <xref href="GSAM-TCKAKODG.dita#TCKAKODG" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">523.104</xref>(a)(1) due to an allowable exception, the contracting officer must document within the contract file the exception being used under GSAM <xref href="#i1883672" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">523.105</xref>(a) and provide supporting rationale for using the exception. The exception can be documented in the Environmental and Energy Conservation Objectives section of the acquisition plan under FAR 7.105(b)(17) or in a separate memorandum that is included in the Acquisition Plan section of the contract file.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
