<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="i1897249"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title id="i2134397" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">501.603-3</ph> Appointment.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d32e13" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d31e18" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Certificate
of Appointment</i>.</p>
               <ol id="d32e26" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e31" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  The HCA appoints contracting
officers at the Basic, Simplified Acquisition, Intermediate, or
Senior level using Standard Form 1402, Certificate of Appointment.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e40" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  The
HCA signs the original Certificate of Appointment before it is issued
to the appointed contracting officer.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e49" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  Suggested
language for the Certificate of Appointment may be found on the
Acquisition Workforce Community of Practice accessible through GSA’s
Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/topics/acquisition-purchases-and-payments/acquisition-portal/acquisition-career-management/gsa-warrant-program/contracting-officer-warrant-program"
                              format="html"
                              scope="external"
                              class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/topics/acquisition-purchases-and-payments/acquisition-portal/acquisition-career-management/gsa-warrant-program/contracting-officer-warrant-program?term=suggested_language_for_certificate_of_appointment</xref>.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id18BUD0Y0DIL" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>  PBS
National Acquisition Warrants will be issued by the PBS Deputy Commissioner,
the PBS Assistant Commissioner of Acquisition Management or their
delegate in a centralized manner.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id18BUD0Z0JWG" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>  PBS
National Leasing Warrants will be issued by the PBS Deputy Commissioner
or PBS Assistant Commissioner of Leasing or their delegate in a
centralized manner.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li rev="CHANGE 104 DECEMBER 2, 2019" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id19C4G0L067Q" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(6)</ph>  PBS National Site Acquisition
Warrants will be issued by the PBS Deputy Commissioner, the PBS
Assistant Commissioner of Portfolio Management and Customer Engagement
or their delegate in a centralized manner.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d31e64" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Types
of appointments</i>. Candidates are nominated for either an interim
or permanent appointment. Candidates for a national warrant are
nominated only for a permanent appointment. National appointments
replace the need for a regional appointment. A contracting officer
may only hold one warrant.</p>
               <ol id="d32e72" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e77" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Interim appointments</i>.
Interim appointments are for a specified period of time. Personnel
who hold interim simplified acquisition warrants must complete all
training required for a permanent warrant within 1year of the interim appointment.
Personnel who hold interim warrants above the simplified acquisition
level must complete all training and formal education required for
a permanent warrant within 3 years of the interim appointment.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e89" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Permanent
appointments</i>. A permanent appointment may be made when a candidate
who meets all requirements for experience, education, and training
at the time the appointment is made.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id18BUDJ000Q0" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>   Regional
appointments. Regional appointments are for work specific to one
region or portfolio. Regional appointments may be issued on either
a permanent or interim basis.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id18BUDJ090L9" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>   National
appointments. National appointments are for work across GSA geographically.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d31e103" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transferability
of Warrants</i>.</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id18BUE0N0R9Y" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  Regional warrants. Warrants
may not transfer across contracting activities. Contracting officers
that transfer to a new contracting activity must <ph rev="CHANGE 104 DECEMBER 2, 2019" class="- topic/ph ">be invited to</ph> re-apply
for a warrant in FAITAS.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li rev="CHANGE 104 DECEMBER 2, 2019" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id18BUE0O05V2" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  National warrants. PBS
National Acquisition Warrants, National Leasing Warrants, and National
Site Acquisition Warrants are issued for PBS-wide work, which allows
the contracting officer to perform work for various entities within PBS.
If a contracting officer with a PBS National Acquisition Warrant,
National Leasing Warrant or National Site Acquisition Warrant transfers
to another office within PBS, follow the requirements at <xref href="GSAM-i1897273.dita#i1897273"
                              outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                              class="- topic/xref ">501.603-4</xref>(e).</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d31e115" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Authority
to make purchases for domestic and national security emergencies</i>.</p>
               <ol id="d32e123" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e128" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> A
contracting officer, you may enter into contracts on behalf of a
GSA organization different from the organization specified in their
Certificate of Appointment in response to a contingency operation,
defense or recovery from certain attacks, major disaster declarations
as defined in FAR 18 and other domestic or national security emergencies.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e137" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  The
Office of the Chief Acquisition Officer (OCAO) or HCA may grant
higher contracting authority during emergencies for Basic, Simplified
and Intermediate warrants (See Office of Federal Procurement Policy
Memorandum, Emergency Acquisition Guide, dated January 14, 2011 <xref href="http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/assets/procurement_guides/emergency_acquisitions_guide.pdf"
                              format="html"
                              scope="external"
                              class="- topic/xref ">http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/assets/procurement_guides/emergency_acquisitions_guide.pdf</xref>.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e150" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  The
OCAO or HCA may appoint contracting officers with authority limited
to entering into contracts required to respond to domestic or national
security emergencies. This will provide GSA a cadre of emergency
contracting officers who can instantly respond to emergencies if
necessary. For warrants issued as a direct result of an emergency,
the OCAO or HCA must have reasonable assurance that the employee
is eligible to be warranted if the nature of the emergency precludes
submission of otherwise necessary required documentation for the
warrant (see <xref href="#i1897249" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly" class="- topic/xref ">501.603-3</xref>(b)).</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d31e164" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Record
Maintenance and Disposal</i>.</p>
               <ol id="d32e172" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e177" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  HCAs
are required to keep and maintain comprehensive files containing
relevant information on all appointed contracting officers until
such time as all warrant data is fully maintained in FAITAS as determined
by the ACM.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e186" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  HCAs
are required to submit reports to the ACM with consistent and up
to date information on the contracting officer warrants issued and
terminated until such time as all warrant data is fully maintained
in FAITAS as determined by the ACM.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e195" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  Acquisition
professionals are responsible for maintaining a copy of their acquisition
training history and source documents used for certification requests.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d31e204" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> In accordance
with GSA Order OAS P 1820.1, GSA Records Management Program, dispose
of expired contracting officer files and warrants by placing the
contracting officer records in an inactive file following reassignment,
termination of employment or revocation of designation. The inactive
file cutoff date is the end of the fiscal year. The files are to
be destroyed two years after the cutoff.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>