<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="i1874578"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.270-1</ph> Instructions
to Offerors—Acquisition of Leasehold Interests in Real Property.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-i1855325.dita#i1855325"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">570.702</xref>,
insert the following provision:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">Instructions to
Offerors—Acquisition of Leasehold Interests in Real Property (Jun2011)</p>
         <ol id="d895e22" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d887e26" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definitions</i>.
As used in this provision—</p>
               <p id="d887e38" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Discussions”
are negotiations that occur after establishment of the competitive
range that may, at the Contracting Officer’s discretion, result
in the offeror being allowed to revise its proposal.</p>
               <p id="d887e47" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“In writing, writing or written”
means any worded or numbered expression that can be read, reproduced,
and later communicated, and includes electronically transmitted
and stored information.</p>
               <p id="d887e56" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Proposal
modification” is a change made to a proposal before the solicitation’s
closing date and time, or made in response to an amendment, or made
to correct a mistake at any time before award.</p>
               <p id="d887e65" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Proposal revision” is a change to a proposal
made after the solicitation closing date, at the request of or as
allowed by a Contracting Officer as the result of negotiations.</p>
               <p id="d887e75" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">“Time,” if stated as a number
of days, is calculated using calendar days, unless otherwise specified,
and will include Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays. However,
if the last day falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or legal holiday, then
the period shall include the next working day.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d887e84" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amendments to solicitations</i>.
If this solicitation is amended, all terms and conditions that are
not amended remain unchanged. Offerors shall acknowledge receipt
of any amendment to this solicitation by the date and time specified
in the amendment(s).</p>
            </li>
            <li props="Runin" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d887e96" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submission,
modification, revision, and withdrawal of proposals</i>.</p>
               <ol id="d895e105" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e109" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Unless
other methods (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g</i>.,electronic commerce or facsimile) are
permitted in the solicitation, proposals and modifications to proposals
shall be submitted in paper media in sealed envelopes or packages
Offers must be:</p>
                     <ol id="d895e118" class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e122" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Submitted
on the forms prescribed and furnished by the Government as a part
of this solicitation or on copies of those forms, and</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e131" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Signed. The person
signing an offer must initial each erasure or change appearing on
any offer form. If the offeror is a partnership, the names of the
partners composing the firm must be included with the offer.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li props="Runin" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e142" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                           <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Late
proposals and revisions</i>.</p>
                     <ol id="d895e151" class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e155" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                The Government will
not consider any proposal received at the office designated in the
solicitation after the exact time specified for receipt of offers
unless it is received before the Government makes award and it meets
at least one of the following conditions:</p>
                           <ol id="d895e161" class="- topic/ol ">
                              <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                                 <p id="d887e165" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(A)</ph>
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                      It was sent by registered
or certified mail not later than the calendar day before the date
specified for receipt of offers (e.g.,an offer submitted in response
to a solicitation requiring receipt of offers by the 20<term class="- topic/term ">th</term> of
the month must have been mailed by the 15<term class="- topic/term ">th</term>).</p>
                              </li>
                              <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                                 <p id="d887e180" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(B)</ph>
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                      It was sent by mail
(or telegram or facsimile, if authorized) or hand-carried (including
delivery by a commercial carrier) if it is determined by the Government
that the late receipt was due primarily to Government mishandling
after receipt at the Government installation.</p>
                              </li>
                              <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                                 <p id="d887e189" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(C)</ph>
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                      It was sent by U.S.
Postal Service Express Mail Next Day Service-Post Office to Addressee,
not later than 5:00p.m. at the place of mailing two working days
prior to the date specified for receipt of proposals. The term “working
days” excludes weekends and U.S. Federal holidays.</p>
                              </li>
                              <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                                 <p id="d887e198" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(D)</ph>
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                      It was transmitted through
an electronic commerce method authorized by the solicitation and
was received at the initial point of entry to the Government infrastructure
not later than 5:00p.m. one working day prior to the date specified
for receipt of proposals.</p>
                              </li>
                              <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                                 <p id="d887e207" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(E)</ph>
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                      There is acceptable
evidence to establish that it was received at the activity designated
for receipt of offers and was under the Government’s control prior
to the time set for receipt of offers, and that the Contracting
Officer determines that accepting the late offer would not unduly
delay the procurement.</p>
                              </li>
                              <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                                 <p id="d887e217" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(F)</ph>
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                      It is the only proposal
received.</p>
                              </li>
                           </ol>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e228" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Any modification or
revision of a proposal or response to request for information, including
any final proposal revision, is subject to the same conditions as
in paragraphs(c)(2)(i)(A) through (c)(2)(i)(E) of this provision.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e237" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                The only acceptable
evidence to establish the date of mailing of a late proposal or
modification or revision sent either by registered or certified
mail is the U.S. or Canadian Postal Service postmark both on the
envelope or wrapper and on the original receipt from the U.S. or
Canadian Postal Service. Both postmarks must show a legible date
or the proposal, response to a request for information, or modification
or revision shall be processed as if mailed late. “Postmark” means
a printed, stamped, or otherwise placed impression (exclusive of
a postage meter machine impression) that is readily identifiable
without further action as having been supplied and affixed by employees
of the U.S. or Canadian Postal Service on the date of mailing. Therefore,
offerors or respondents should request the postal clerk to place
a legible hand cancellation bull’s eye postmark on both the receipt
and the envelope or wrapper.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e246" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iv)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Acceptable evidence
to establish the time of receipt at the Government installation
includes the time/date stamp of that installation on the proposal
wrapper, other documentary evidence of receipt maintained by the
installation, or oral testimony or statements of Government personnel.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e255" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(v)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                The only acceptable
evidence to establish the date of mailing of a late offer, modification
or revision, or withdrawal sent by Express Mail Next Day Service-Post
Office to Addressee is the date entered by the post office receiving
clerk on the “Express Mail Next Day Service-Post Office to Addressee”
label and the postmark on both the envelope or wrapper and on the
original receipt from the U.S. Postal Service. “Postmark” has the
same meaning as defined in paragraph(c)(2)(iii) of this provision,
excluding postmarks of the Canadian Postal Service. Therefore, offerors
or respondents should request the postal clerk to place a legible
hand cancellation bull’s eye postmark on both the receipt and the
envelope or wrapper.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e265" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(vi)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Notwithstanding paragraph(c)(2)(i)
of this provision, a late modification or revision of an otherwise
successful proposal that makes its terms more favorable to the Government
will be considered at any time it is received and may be accepted.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e274" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(vii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                An offeror may withdraw
its proposal by written notice or telegram (including mailgram)
received at any time before award. If the solicitation authorizes
facsimile proposals, an offeror may withdraw its proposal via facsimile
received at any time before award, subject to the conditions specified
in the provision entitled “Facsimile Proposals.” Proposals may be
withdrawn in person by an offeror or an authorized representative,
if the representative’s identity is made known and the representative
signs a receipt for the proposal before award.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e283" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(viii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                If an emergency or
unanticipated event interrupts normal Government processes so that
proposals cannot be received at the office designated for receipt
of proposals by the exact time specified in the solicitation, and
urgent Government requirements preclude amendment of the solicitation
or other notice of an extension of the closing date, the time specified
for receipt of proposals will be deemed to be extended to the same
time of day specified in the solicitation on the first work day
on which normal Government processes resume. If no time is specified
in the solicitation, the time for receipt is 4:30p.m., local time,
for the designated Government office.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e294" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Any information given
to a prospective offeror concerning this solicitation will be furnished
promptly to all other prospective offerors, if that information
is necessary in submitting offers or if the lack of it would be
prejudicial to any other prospective offeror.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e303" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Offerors may submit
modifications to their proposals at any time before the solicitation
closing date and time, and may submit modifications in response
to an amendment, or to correct a mistake at any time before award.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e312" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Offerors may submit
revised proposals only if requested or allowed by the Contracting
Officer.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e322" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(6)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The Government will
construe an offer to be in full and complete compliance with this
solicitation unless the offer describes any deviation in the offer.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e331" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(7)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Offerors may submit
proposals that depart from stated requirements. Such a proposal
shall clearly identify why the acceptance of the proposal would
be advantageous to the Government. The proposal must clearly identify
and explicitly define any deviations from the terms and conditions
of the solicitation, as well as the comparative advantage to the
Government. The Government reserves the right to amend the solicitation
to allow all offerors an opportunity to submit revised proposals
based on the revised requirements.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d887e342" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Restriction on disclosure
and use of data</i>. An offeror that includes in its proposal data
that it does not want disclosed to the public for any purpose, or
used by the Government except for evaluation purposes, must meet
both of the following conditions:</p>
               <ol id="d895e351" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e355" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Mark the title page
with the following legend:</p>
                     <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">This proposal
includes data that shall not be disclosed outside the Government
and shall not be duplicated, used, or disclosed—in whole or in part—for
any purpose other than to evaluate this proposal. If, however, a
lease is awarded to this offeror as a result of—or in connection
with—the submission of this data, the Government shall have the
right to duplicate, use, or disclose the data to the extent provided
in the resulting contract. This restriction does not limit the Government’s
right to use information contained in this data if it is obtained
from another source without restriction. The data subject to this
restriction are contained in sheets <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">[insert numbers or other
identification of sheets]</i>.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e375" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Mark each sheet of data
it wishes to restrict with the following legend:</p>
                     <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">Use
or disclosure of data contained on this sheet is subject to the
restriction on the title page of this proposal.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li props="Runin" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d887e391" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Lease
award</i>.</p>
               <ol id="d895e400" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e404" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The
Government intends to award a lease resulting from this solicitation
to the responsible offeror whose proposal represents the best value
after evaluation in accordance with the factors and subfactors in
the solicitation.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e413" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The Government may reject
any or all proposals if such action is in the Government’s interest.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e422" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The Government may waive
informalities and minor irregularities in proposals received.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e431" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The Government intends
to evaluate proposals and award a lease after conducting discussions
with offerors whose proposals have been determined to be within
the competitive range. If the Contracting Officer determines that
the number of proposals that would otherwise be in the competitive
range exceeds the number at which an efficient competition can be
conducted, the Contracting Officer may limit the number of proposals
in the competitive range to the greatest number that will permit
an efficient competition among the most highly rated proposals.
Therefore, the offeror’s initial proposal should contain the offeror’s
best terms from a price and technical standpoint.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e440" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Exchanges with offerors
after receipt of a proposal do not constitute a rejection or counteroffer
by the Government.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e450" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(6)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The Government may determine
that a proposal is unacceptable if the prices proposed are materially
unbalanced between line items or subline items. Unbalanced pricing
exists when, despite an acceptable total evaluated price, the price
of one or more contract line items is significantly overstated or
understated as indicated by the application of cost or price analysis
techniques. A proposal may be rejected if the Contracting Officer
determines that the lack of balance poses an unacceptable risk to
the Government.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e459" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(7)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The execution and delivery
of the Lease contract by the Government establishes a valid award
and contract.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d887e468" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(8)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The Government may disclose
the following information in postaward debriefings to other offerors:</p>
                     <ol id="d895e474" class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e478" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                 The
overall evaluated cost or price and technical rating of the successful
offeror;</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e487" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                The overall ranking
of all offerors, when any ranking was developed by the agency during
source selection; and</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d887e496" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                A summary of the rationale
for award.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d887e509" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Paperwork collection</i>.
The information collection requirements contained in this solicitation/contract
are either required by regulation or approved by the Office of Management
and Budget pursuant to the Paperwork Reduction Act and assigned
OMB Control No. 3090-0163.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of provision)</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Alternate I (Mar 1998)</i>. As prescribed
in <xref href="GSAM-i1855325.dita#i1855325"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">570.702</xref>, substitute the
following paragraph for paragraph (c)(2)(i) of the basic provision:</p>
         <p id="d887e536" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  (i) Any
offer received at the office designated in the solicitation after
the exact time specified for receipt of final proposal revisions
will not be considered unless it is received before award is made
and it meets one of the following conditions—</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Alternate II (Mar 1998)</i>. As prescribed
in <xref href="GSAM-i1855325.dita#i1855325"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">570.702</xref>, substitute the
following paragraph for paragraph (e)(4) of the basic provision:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">(4) The Government intends to evaluate proposals
and award a lease without discussions with offerors (except clarifications as
described in FAR 15.306(a)). Therefore, the offeror’s initial proposal
should contain the offeror’s best terms from a cost or price and
technical standpoint. The Government reserves the right to conduct
discussions if the Contracting Officer later determines them to
be necessary. If the Contracting Officer determines that the number
of proposals that would otherwise be in the competitive range exceeds
the number at which an efficient competition can be conducted, the
Contracting Officer may limit the number of proposals in the competitive
range to the greatest number that will permit an efficient competition
among the most highly rated proposals.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
