<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="id201HH0OC02D"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" xtrf="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">536.7103</ph> Construction
Contract Solicitation Procedures.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id201HH0P02OP" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Procurement
Timing.</i> The request for proposals should be issued only when
the project design requirements have been developed to a sufficient
degree of specificity to permit competition with meaningful pricing
for the ECW. The contracting officer should obtain written documentation
for the contract file from the project manager that the project
design requirements satisfy the condition stated in this section.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id201HH0P0FK4" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Proposal Evaluation.</i>
               </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id201HH0P0Z80" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Evaluation Factors.</i>
                     </p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id201HH0Q02RD" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                               Except as provided in paragraph
(ii) of this subsection, the solicitation shall provide that the
technical evaluation factors, when combined, shall be considered
significantly more important than cost or price.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id201HH0Q0946" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                               Subject to the approval of
the HCA, the weighting of the technical evaluation factors and cost
or price may be different than that required under paragraph (i)
of this subsection. Any such written approval shall be documented
in the contract file.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id201HH0P40LV" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Price Realism.</i> The
contracting officer shall provide for a price realism analysis in
the solicitation for the purpose of assessing, among others, whether
an offeror's price reflects a lack of understanding of the contract
requirements or risk inherent in an offeror's proposal. The solicitation
shall provide offerors with notice that the agency intends to perform a
price realism analysis.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id201HH0P4017" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Total Evaluated Price.</i> For
purposes of evaluation, the total evaluated price shall include
the firm-fixed-price for design phase services, the construction
work GMP option(s), and any other fixed-priced line items.  If advance
pricing elements such as extended overhead rates and daily delay
rates are proposed, those shall also be evaluated as part of the total
evaluated price.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id201HH0P0F7D" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Government Budget (e.g.
Prospectus) Information.</i> Subject to the approval of the contracting
director, the solicitation may include information contained or
referenced within a prospectus submission to Congress for a project.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
