<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="MASQRWPQ"
            domains="(topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic task)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)                             (topic task strictTaskbody-c)    "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">519.705-5</ph> Awards involving
subcontracting plans.</title>
      <conbody id="i1884839" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d374e13" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d370e17" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  Subcontracting plans
requiring SBTA and SBA PCR review.</p>
               <ol id="d374e23" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d370e27" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  For
each contract that requires a subcontracting plan, the contracting
officer will submit electronically the apparent successful offeror’s
subcontracting plan to the SBTA who will coordinate review by the
SBA PCR. When the contracting officer makes multiple awards under
a solicitation, electronically submit the subcontracting plans of
all apparent successful offerors.</p>
                     <ol id="d374e33" class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d370e37" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>  Except
as noted in paragraph (b) of this section, provide the SBTA an electronic
copy of the plan at least 5 workdays before the anticipated award
date.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d370e46" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>  Consider
any recommendations the SBTA or SBA PCR provides about whether to
accept or reject a subcontracting plan. In the case of an unresolved
disagreement, notify the <ph rev="CHANGE 108 APRIL 30, 2020" class="- topic/ph ">AA
OSDBU</ph> and consider any subsequent advice the <ph rev="CHANGE 108 APRIL 30, 2020" class="- topic/ph ">AA OSDBU</ph> provides. Document
the final decision in the contract file.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d370e55" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph> If the
contracting officer does not receive review comments from the SBTA
within 5 workdays, the contracting officer shall document the file
and continue with the award process (see FAR 19.705-5(a)(3)).</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d370e68" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  Subcontracting
plans requiring <ph rev="CHANGE 108 APRIL 30, 2020" class="- topic/ph ">AA OSDBU</ph> review.</p>
               <ol id="d374e74" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d370e78" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  The <ph rev="CHANGE 108 APRIL 30, 2020" class="- topic/ph ">AA OSDBU</ph> (through the
contracting officer’s designated SBTA or Regional SBUC) will review
the SBTA’s and SBA PCR’s recommendations for contracts that meet
either of these conditions:</p>
                     <ol id="d374e84" class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d370e88" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>  Contract performance
will occur in two or more Regions and the estimated value of the
acquisition exceeds $50 million (including options), excluding multiple
award schedule contracts.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="d370e97" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>  Based
on political sensitivity or importance to GSA, the <ph rev="CHANGE 108 APRIL 30, 2020" class="- topic/ph ">AA OSDBU</ph> designates the
procurement for review.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d370e108" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  The
contracting officer shall provide the SBTA an electronic copy of
the plan at least 10 days before the anticipated award date. The
SBTA and SBA PCR have 5 workdays to review and comment on the plan,
and the <ph rev="CHANGE 108 APRIL 30, 2020" class="- topic/ph ">AA OSDBU</ph> (through
the contracting officer’s designated SBTA or Regional SBUC) has
5 workdays to review their recommendations and respond. All reviews
must be completed in 10 workdays unless the contracting officer
grants an extension.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d370e117" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  The
contracting officer shall consider any recommendations the SBTA,
SBA PCR, or <ph rev="CHANGE 108 APRIL 30, 2020" class="- topic/ph ">AA OSDBU</ph> provides
about whether to accept or reject a subcontracting plan. Document
the final decision in the contract file.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d370e126" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> If the
contracting officer does not receive review comments from the SBTA
(inclusive of <ph rev="CHANGE 108 APRIL 30, 2020" class="- topic/ph ">AA OSDBU</ph> review) within
10 workdays, the contracting officer shall document the file and
continue with the award process (see FAR 19.705-5(a)(3)).</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d370e137" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>  Notification
letter for individual subcontracting plans.</p>
               <ol id="d374e143" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d370e147" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  The
contracting officer shall approve the subcontracting plan as part
of the award. After approval of an individual subcontracting plan,
using FORMAT A in paragraph (c) of this section, the contracting
officer shall electronically send a notification letter to the contractor
confirming the subcontracting plan effective dates and when a new
or updated plan will be required. The contracting officer shall
also inform the contractor of the reporting requirements and due
dates for submitting their Individual Subcontract Report (ISR) and
Summary Subcontract Report (SSR) through the eSRS.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d370e156" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  The
contracting officer shall send the letter electronically with the
award package or as soon as practicable after award.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <section id="QTTDKEFQ" audience="GSAM" class="- topic/section ">
            <title class="- topic/title ">
               <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph "/> FORMAT A</title>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Name Address City,
State, Zip Code</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Re: Approved Subcontracting Plan and Required
Reports for Contract</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">No. _______________:</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Dear _________________:</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Your
individual subcontracting plan submitted for the subject contract
has been approved for the base period [insert MM/DD/YY through MM/DD/YY]
with goals that are subject to revision for each remaining option
period (if any).</p>
            <p id="d371e28" class="- topic/p ">You must submit subcontracting
reports through the Electronic Subcontracting Reporting System (<xref href="http://www.esrs.gov"
                     format="html"
                     scope="external"
                     class="- topic/xref ">www.esrs.gov</xref>)
using the Individual Summary Report (semi-annually) and the Summary
Subcontract Report (annually).</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Use the Individual Summary
Report (ISR) to report cumulative subcontracting activity under
this contract. Submit the report semiannually by April 30 for the
reporting period October 1-March 31 and by October 30 for the reporting
period April 1-September 30. A separate report is required at contract
completion. If requested by the Contracting Officer, you must furnish
the name and size status of your subcontractor(s), and the dollar
amount of the subcontract(s).</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Use the Summary Subcontract
Report (SSR) to report total subcontracting activity under all of
your GSA contracts. Submit the report annually for the period October
1-September 30 (the Government fiscal year). The report is due on
or before October 30th of each year. A new reporting cycle begins
October 1st of each year. Include the Contracting Officer (CO),
Administrative Contracting Officer (ACO), the Small Business Administration
(SBA) Commercial Market Representative (CMR), the Small Business
Technical Advisor (SBTA), and GSA's Subcontracting Plan Program
Manager in the email distribution when submitting the ISR and SSR
via eSRS.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">[<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Insert address of contracting office administering
the contract], with a copy to: [insert address of SBTA in Region
or Central Office service where contract was awarded</i>].</p>
            <ol id="d375e47" class="- topic/ol ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p id="d371e51" class="- topic/p ">
                     <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Notification
letter for commercial plans</i>.</p>
                  <ol id="d375e60" class="- topic/ol ">
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p id="d371e64" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  The
contracting officer shall approve the commercial plan as part of
the award. After approval of a commercial plan, using FORMAT B in
paragraph (d) of this section, electronically send a notification
letter to the contractor informing them of requirements and due
dates for submitting the SSR via eSRS and confirm the subcontracting
plan effective dates and when a new or updated plan will be required.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p id="d371e73" class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  Send
the letter with the award package or as soon as practicable after
award.</p>
                     </li>
                  </ol>
               </li>
            </ol>
         </section>
         <section id="VJVIBAGG" audience="GSAM" class="- topic/section ">
            <title class="- topic/title ">
               <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph "/> FORMAT B</title>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Name Address City,
State, Zip Code</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Re: Approved Subcontracting Plan and Required
Reports for Contract</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">No. _______________:</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Dear _________________:</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Your
commercial plan, submitted in connection with the subject contract
has been approved for the period of [insert MM/DD/YY through MM/DD/YY],
by [insert name, address, and telephone number of approving official].
You must submit your Summary Subcontract Report (SSR) via eSRS.
The SSR is an annual report due on or before October 30th of each
year. The reporting period is October 1-September 30, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">i.e.</i>,
the Government fiscal year. The report should summarize subcontracting
activity under all contracts awarded during the current fiscal year
that are covered by this commercial plan.</p>
            <p id="d372e31" class="- topic/p ">If
at any time during contract performance you are unable to identify
capable small, HUBZone small, small disadvantaged, women-owned small,
veteran-owned small and service-disabled veteran-owned small business
concerns, please contact your local Small Business Technical Advisor
your local Small Business Technical Advisor found at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/osbucontacts"
                     format="html"
                     scope="external"
                     class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/osbucontacts</xref> or
the <ph rev="CHANGE 108 APRIL 30, 2020" class="- topic/ph ">Office of Small and Disadvantaged
Business Utilization</ph> by telephone at (202) 501-1021.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">In
addition, please include the SBA Commercial Market Representative
(CMR) in the email distribution on the SSR in eSRS, [insert email
address of contracting office administering the contract].</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Sincerely,</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Contracting
Officer.</p>
         </section>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
