<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="FTSMLYAT"
            audience="GSAM"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title ">
			      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">522.406-13</ph> Semiannual enforcement reports.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol id="d439e13" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d435e17" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						            PBS and FAS shall report through the Commissioners the semiannual enforcement reports required by FAR 22.406-13, in the format described in paragraph (d) of this section. The Commissioner will consolidate the regional and central office information and submit the report to the agency labor advisor, Office of Acquisition Policy. The report must identify the service submitting the report and the name, phone number, and email address of the official responsible for preparing the report.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d435e26" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             Central Office Contracting Offices outside of FAS and PBS must submit the reports directly to the agency labor advisor. Each report must identify the contracting office and the name, phone number, and e-mail address of the official responsible for preparing the report.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d435e35" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             The reports from the FAS and PBS and Central Office Contracting Offices must be submitted to the agency labor advisor within 15 calendar days after the end of the reporting periods. The ALA will consolidate the reports and submit an official agency report to the:</p>
					          <p class="- topic/p ">U.S. Department of Labor (DOL)</p>
					          <p class="- topic/p ">Wage and Hour Division</p>
					          <p class="- topic/p ">Office of Enforcement Policy</p>
					          <p class="- topic/p ">Government Contracts Team</p>
					          <p class="- topic/p ">Room S3018</p>
					          <p class="- topic/p ">200 Constitution Avenue, N.W.</p>
					          <p class="- topic/p ">Washington, DC 20210</p>
					          <p class="- topic/p ">E-Mail Address: <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">osp@fenix2.dol-esa.gov</i>.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d435e77" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						            The official agency report shall include only the compliance or enforcement of the labor standards requirements for the time periods specified in FAR 22.406-13, and identify the responsible agency official, title, address, phone number, and email address. The report shall be submitted to DOL within 30 calendar days after the end of the reporting periods using the following instructions and format:</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <section id="id193ECH00XLK" audience="GSAM" class="- topic/section ">
				        <title class="- topic/title ">SEMI-ANNUAL ENFORCEMENT REPORT</title>
			      </section>
			      <section id="GPSORJRG" audience="GSAM" class="- topic/section ">
				        <title class="- topic/title ">
					          <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph "/> FY ____</title>
				        <p outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">1. Enter the beginning and ending dates of the period covered by the semiannual report. ____________</p>
				        <p outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">2. Enter the total number of prime contracts awarded subject to Construction Wage Rate Requirements statute or the Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act awarded during the period covered by this report. _____________</p>
				        <p outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">3. Enter the total dollar value of the contracts listed on line 2. _________________</p>
				        <p outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">4. Enter the total number of contractors/subcontractors against whom complaints were received. ____________</p>
				        <p outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">5. Enter the total number of investigations completed. ___________________</p>
				        <p outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">6. Enter the total number of contractors/subcontractors found in violation as a result of the investigations reported on line 5. _______________</p>
				        <p outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">7. Enter the total amount of back wages determined due employees by contractors/subcontractors under the:</p>
				        <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">a) Construction Wage Rate Requirements statute (prevailing wage violations). ___________________</p>
				        <p outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">b) Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act (overtime violations). _________________</p>
				        <p outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">8. Enter the total amount of back wages paid employees by contractors/subcontractors reported on line 6, for the:</p>
				        <p class="- topic/p ">a) Construction Wage Rate Requirements statute (prevailing wage violations). ___________________</p>
				        <p class="- topic/p ">b) Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act (overtime violations). _________________</p>
				        <p outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">9. Enter the total number of employees paid wage restitution as reported on line 8, under the Construction Wage Rate Requirements statute and/or Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act. ___________________</p>
				        <p outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">10. Enter the amount of liquidated damages assessed as a result of violations under the Contract Work Hours and Safety Standards Act. _________________</p>
				        <note type="note" class="- topic/note ">
					          <p class="- topic/p ">
						            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Remarks: (Enter any explanation or comment considered necessary for proper understanding of the report.)</b>
					          </p>
				        </note>
			      </section>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
