<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_504_606"
            audience="GSAM"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title ">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">504.606</ph> Reporting Data.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol id="d95e13" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d94e18" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reporting
requirements</i>. Detailed specification of FPDS data reporting
requirements is contained in the FPDS-NG FAQs document available at <xref href="https://www.fpds.gov/"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">https://www.fpds.gov/</xref>. Reporting
offices are encouraged to use automated information systems for
FPDS data reporting, provided that the systems contain all required
FPDS data elements via the machine-to-machine process and the automated
acquisition system has received the proper certification from the
FPDS system manager.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li id="i1894334" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d94e34" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    The
GSA FPDS Sustainability Coding Guidelines found on GSA's Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>
                   must
be followed when selecting codes for the following sustainability
data elements:</p>
					          <ol id="d95e43" class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d94e48" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Recovered Materials/Sustainability.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d94e57" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Use
of EPA Designated Products.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li id="id18BRA0B0QLH" props="Runin" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="id18BRA0G03NU" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    FPDS reporting for acquisitions
supporting customer agencies.</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li id="id18BRA0GN0B0" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id18BRA0E0HHS" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">GSA-funded
acquisitions</i>. There are instances where GSA conducts an acquisition
in support of a customer agency but also provides the predominance
of funding for the contract award. In these instances, GSA’s Activity
Address Codes (AACs) must be used for the contracting agency codes
(e.g. Contracting Office ID) and funding agency codes (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i> Funding
Office ID) in FPDS. Examples of GSA funded acquisitions may include
those made in support of—</p>
							              <ol id="id18BRA0H0DYW" class="- topic/ol ">
								                <li id="id18BRA0H07XV" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id18BRA0G0A5Y" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                               Requisitions. These transactions
are transfers of property conducted in accordance with the Federal
Property Management Regulation (FPMR) (41 CFR 101-26). Examples
of programs that facilitate requisitions from customer agencies
include GSA stock supply programs and GSA motor vehicle purchasing.
Customer agencies submit requisitions (sometimes referred to as
“orders”) to GSA for items under these programs in accordance with
the FPMR. GSA then acquires these items from suppliers through contracts
or orders in accordance with the FAR and GSAM.</p>
								                </li>
								                <li id="id18BRA0H0HQ8" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id18BRA0G60DL" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                               Shared Services. Under this model,
common administrative services-those activities that are common
across all agencies-are conducted by an agency (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i> shared
service provider) with expertise in a particular area to reduce duplication
and redundancy. In turn, the customer agency reimburses the shared
service provider for its costs. Often, shared service providers
must conduct acquisitions in order to provide services to other
agencies. Accordingly, only the contract/order awarded by the shared
service provider to a contractor is reported in FPDS.</p>
								                </li>
							              </ol>
						            </li>
						            <li id="id18BRA0G0KVP" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id18BRA0E0TCO" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Customer-funded acquisitions</i>.
There are instances where GSA conducts an acquisition in support
of a customer agency but the customer agency provides the predominance
of funding for the contract action. In these instances, GSA’s AACs
must be used for the contracting agency codes (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i> Contracting
Office ID) but the customer agency's AACs must be used for funding
agency codes (e.g. Funding Office ID) in FPDS. Examples of customer-funded
acquisitions may include—</p>
							              <ol id="id18BRA0H807X" class="- topic/ol ">
								                <li id="id18BRA0HG0AW" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id18BRA0I0GBQ" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                               Reimbursable Work Authorizations
(RWAs). An RWA is an interagency agreement between GSA and a tenant (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i> federal
agency or non-federal source when authorized by statute) whereby
GSA recovers its costs for altering, renovating, repairing, or providing
services in GSA-managed space over and above the basic operations
financed through rent paid by the tenant.</p>
								                </li>
								                <li id="id18BRA0I036L" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="id18BRA0I086C" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                               Assisted acquisitions (see definition
at FAR 2.101). GSA regularly acts as the servicing agency in this
type of interagency acquisition, where it performs acquisition activities
on a customer (requesting) agency's behalf, such as awarding and
administering a contract, while the requesting agency provides the
required funding.</p>
								                </li>
							              </ol>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
						            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Inherently Governmental
Functions</i>. If the procurement is for services, enter the appropriate
indicator in the Inherently Governmental Functions field:</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         “Closely Associated” means functions
that are closely associated with inherently governmental functions;
those contractor duties that could expand to become inherently governmental
functions without sufficient management controls or oversight on
the part of the Government. Office of Federal Procurement Policy
(OFPP) Policy Letter 11–01, Performance of Inherently Governmental
and Critical Functions, provides examples of work that is inherently
governmental and therefore must be performed by Federal employees
and work that is closely associated with inherently governmental
functions that may be performed by either Federal employees or contractors.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         “Critical Functions” means
functions that are necessary to the agency being able to effectively
perform and maintain control of its mission and operations. Typically,
critical functions are recurring and long-term in duration.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         “Other Functions” means
neither “Closely Associated Functions” nor “Critical Functions.”</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         For services that include
performing both “Closely Associated” and “Critical Functions,” select
“Closely Associated, Critical Functions.”</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
