<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_507_503"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title ">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">507.503</ph> Policy.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol id="d149e13" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d147e17" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> Concurrent with the transmittal
of each statement of work or any modification to a statement of
work for a service contract, the requirements office must provide
the contracting officer a written determination that none of the
functions to be performed are inherently governmental as defined
in <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/subpart-7.5"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">FAR subpart 7.5</xref>.
The determination must include a statement that the requirement
is not for functions similar to those listed under <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/7.503"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">FAR 7.503</xref>(c).</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d147e26" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph> The requirements
office must also review the examples of functions listed under <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/7.503"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">FAR 7.503</xref>(d). While these
functions are not inherently governmental, they may restrict the
discretionary authority, decision-making responsibility, or accountability
of Government officials using the contractor services or work products.
If the services to be acquired may cause such restrictions, the
acquisition plan must discuss the associated vulnerabilities, and
address management controls to mitigate them.</p>
					          <ol id="d149e32" class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d147e36" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  These
measures may include requiring special controls and safeguards to
prevent improper personal services relationships, contractor personnel
access to privileged or sensitive information, and/or confusion
regarding the mistaking of contractor employees for Federal employees. For additional guidance see <xref href="537.104.dita#GSAM_537_104"
                              outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                              class="- topic/xref ">537.104</xref> Personal Service
Contracts.
                     </p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d147e45" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> The requirements
office is directed to use <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/37.104"
                              format="html"
                              scope="external"
                              class="- topic/xref ">FAR 37.104</xref> and <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/subpart-37.5"
                              format="html"
                              scope="external"
                              class="- topic/xref ">FAR subpart 37.5</xref> and
OFPP Policy Letter 93-1 for guidance in addressing these considerations.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d147e54" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> The HCA
resolves any disagreement regarding the requirements official’s
determination, following the guidelines in <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/subpart-7.5"
                              format="html"
                              scope="external"
                              class="- topic/xref ">FAR subpart 7.5</xref>.
The HCA may delegate this authority to a level not lower than the
contracting director.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
