<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="GSAM_519_705_2" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">519.705-2</ph> Determining the need for a subcontracting plan.</title>
      <conbody id="i1884766" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d368e13" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d364e17" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> 
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Total value</i>. Use the actual or estimated value of the contract for the entire term of the contract, including all options. 
                  For Multiple Award Schedule contracts and other indefinite delivery type contracts, calculate the estimated value of all orders expected to be placed during the term plus all options.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d364e98" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>   
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Determination of no subcontracting possibilities.</i>
                   
                  If the contracting officer determines that an apparent successful offeror’s proposal has no subcontracting opportunities:
               </p>
               <ol id="d368e104" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d364e117" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  
                           <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Written determination</i>. Prepare a written determination supporting the rationale that no subcontracting opportunities exist. Attach a copy of the justification provided by the apparent successful offeror.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="d364e126" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  
                           <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">AA OSDBU review.</i>
                         Obtain AA OSDBU concurrence on the determination prior to contract award. Coordinate the concurrence through the GSA SBTA.
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Non-concur</i>. If a “Non-Concur” is received on the determination, the contracting officer is required to re-submit for concurrence. The time-frame for review is reset when the determination is re-submitted (see 519.705-4).</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Disagreements</i>. If the AA OSDBU disagrees with the contracting officer’s determination that an apparent successful offeror’s proposal has no subcontracting possibilities, the GSA SBTA will provide the contracting officer the rationale for the disagreement. The contracting officer must review and consider any information provided by the GSA SBTA before re-submitting.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Resolving disagreements</i>. The HCA or their designee resolves disagreements between the contracting officer and AA OSDBU.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
