<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_552_246_71"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.246-71</ph> Source
Inspection by Government.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="546.302-71.dita#GSAM_546_302_71"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">546.302-71</xref>,
insert the following clause:</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">
            Source Inspection by Government
(JUN 2009)
         </p>
			      <ol id="d889e21" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d881e26" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Inspection
by Government personnel</i>.</p>
					          <ol id="d889e34" class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d881e39" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  Supplies to be furnished
under this contract will be inspected at source by the Government
before shipment from the manufacturing plant or other facility designated
by the Contractor, unless the Contractor is otherwise notified in writing
by the Contracting Officer or a designated representative. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Government may perform any or all tests contained
in the contract specifications at a Government facility without
prior written notice by the Contracting Officer before release of
the supplies for shipment. Samples sent to a Government testing
facility will be disposed of as follows: Samples from an accepted
lot, not damaged in the testing process, will be returned promptly
to the Contractor after completion of tests. Samples damaged in
the testing process will be disposed of as requested by the Contractor.
Samples from a rejected lot will be returned to the Contractor or
disposed of in a time and manner agreeable to both the Contractor
and the Government.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d881e48" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  Government inspection
responsibility will be assigned to the GSA quality assurance office
which has jurisdiction over the State in which the Contractor’s
or subcontractor’s plant or other designated point for inspection
is located. The Contractor shall notify or arrange for subcontractors
to notify the designated GSA quality assurance office 7 workdays
before the date when supplies will be ready for inspection. Shipment
shall not be made until after inspection by the Government is completed
and shipment is authorized by the Government.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d881e59" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Inspection and receiving
reports</i>. For each shipment, the Contractor shall be responsible
for preparation and distribution of inspection documents as follows:
(1) DD Form 250, Material Inspection and Receiving Report,
or computer formatted equivalent for deliveries to military agencies;
or (2) GSA Form 308, Notice of Inspection for deliveries
to GSA or other civilian agencies. When required, the Contractor
will be furnished a supply of GSA Form 308 and/or DD Form 250, and
complete instructions for their preparation and distribution.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li props="Runin" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d881e71" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Inspection
facilities</i>.</p>
					          <ol id="d889e79" class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d881e84" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> The
inspection system required to be maintained by the Contractor in
accordance with FAR 52.246-2, Inspection of Supplies—Fixed Price,
may be the Contractor’s own facilities or any other facilities acceptable
to the Government. These facilities shall be utilized to perform
all inspections and tests of materials and components before incorporation
into end articles, and for the inspection of such end articles before
shipment. The Government reserves the right to evaluate the acceptability
and effectiveness of the Contractor’s inspection system before award
and periodically during the contract period.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d881e93" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  Offerors are required
to specify, in the spaces provided elsewhere in the solicitation,
the name and address of each manufacturing plant or other facility
where supplies will be available for inspection, indicating the
item number(s) to which each applies.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d881e102" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  The Contractor shall
deliver the items specified in this contract from a plant or warehouse
located within the United States (including Puerto Rico and the
U.S. Virgin Islands) that is equipped to perform all inspections
and tests required by this contract or specifications to evidence
conformance therewith, or shall arrange with a testing laboratory
or other facility in the United States, acceptable to the Government,
to perform the required inspections and tests.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li props="Runin" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d881e113" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Availability
of records</i>.</p>
					          <ol id="d889e121" class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d881e126" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  In
addition to any other requirement of this contract, the Contractor
shall maintain records showing the following information for each
order received under the contract:</p>
							              <ol id="d889e131" class="- topic/ol ">
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d881e136" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>  Order number;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d881e145" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>  Date order received
by the Contractor;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d881e154" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph>  Quantity ordered;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d881e163" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iv)</ph>  Date scheduled into
production;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d881e172" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(v)</ph>  Batch or lot number,
if applicable;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d881e182" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(vi)</ph>  Date inspected and/or
tested;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d881e191" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(vii)</ph>  Date available for
shipment;</p>
								                </li>
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d881e200" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(viii)</ph>  Date shipped or date
service completed; and</p>
								                </li>
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p id="d881e209" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
										                    <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ix)</ph>  National Stock Number
(NSN), or if none is provided in the contract, the applicable item
number or other contractual identification.</p>
								                </li>
							              </ol>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d881e220" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  These records should
be maintained at the point of source inspection and shall be available
to the Contracting Officer, or an authorized representative, for
(i) 3 years after final payment; or (ii) 4 years from the end of
the Contractor’s fiscal year in which the record was created, whichever
period expires first.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d881e231" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Additional cost
for inspection and testing</i>. The Contractor will be charged for
any additional cost for inspecting/testing or reinspection/ retesting
supplies for the reasons stated in paragraph (e) of FAR 52.246-2,
Inspection of Supplies—Fixed Price. When inspection or testing is
performed by or under the direction of GSA, charges will be at the
rate of $<cite outputclass="SingleLine"
                        xtrc="552.246-71_d967e238"
                        class="- topic/cite ">_____</cite>*
per man-hour or fraction thereof if the inspection is at a GSA distribution
center; $ <cite outputclass="SingleLine"
                        xtrc="552.246-71_d967e241"
                        class="- topic/cite ">_____</cite>*
per man-hour or fraction thereof, plus travel costs incurred, if
the inspection is at any other location; and $<cite outputclass="SingleLine"
                        xtrc="552.246-71_d967e244"
                        class="- topic/cite ">_____</cite>*
per man-hour or fraction thereof for laboratory testing, except
that when a testing facility other than a GSA laboratory performs
all or part of the required tests, the Contractor shall be assessed
the actual cost incurred by the Government as a result of testing
at such facility. When inspection is performed by or under the direction of
any agency other than GSA, the charges indicated above may be used,
or the agency may assess the actual cost of performing the inspection
and testing.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d881e244" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Responsibility for
rejected supplies</i>. When the Contractor fails to remove or provide
instructions for the removal of rejected supplies under FAR 52.246-2(h)
pursuant to the Contracting Officer’s instructions, the Contractor
shall be liable for all costs incurred by the Government in taking
such measures as are expedient to avoid unnecessary loss to the
Contractor. In addition to the remedies provided in FAR 52.246-2,
supplies may be—</p>
					          <ol id="d889e252" class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d881e257" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  Stored
for the Contractor’s account;</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d881e266" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  Reshipped to the Contractor
at its expense (any additional expense incurred by the Government
or the freight carrier caused by the refusal of the Contractor to
accept their return also shall be for the Contractor’s account);
or</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="d881e275" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  Sold to the highest
bidder on the open market and the proceeds applied against the accumulated
storage and other costs, including the cost of the sale.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ital" class="- topic/p ">*The rates to be inserted
are established by the Commissioner of the Federal Acquisition Service
or a designee.</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
