<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="GSAM_501_672"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">501.672</ph> Acquisition Certification
Programs.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id2221F0K60XW" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> All
GSA employees are required to obtain and maintain Federal Acquisition
Certifications (FAC) and GSA-Specific Acquisition Certifications
as determined by the business needs of their organization with emphasis
upon the type of work they will perform. To obtain and maintain
such certifications, GSA employees shall comply with the certification
and training requirements established by the OMB, OFPP, FAI and
GSA. Information about the certification and training requirements
is available at <xref href="http://www.fai.gov"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">http://www.fai.gov</xref> and GSA's Acquisition
Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id2221F0M0GQN" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">GSA-Specific
Acquisition Certification Programs</i>. The SPE has established
agency-specific certification programs as specializations for Acquisition
Workforce (AWF) members who perform under acquisition and contracting
authorities that are unique to GSA. The AWF member shall obtain
such credentials and complete specialty training relevant to the needs
of their current job assignment, and will engage in relevant continuous
learning to maintain the certification pursuant to the requirements
of the program.</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221F0MI07U" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">GSA Fleet Acquisition
Certification Program (Fleet-C)</i>. GSA Fleet Acquisition employees
working in the Accident Management Center (AMC) and Maintenance
Control Center (MCC), when required by business and operational
need and regardless of series will be required to obtain and maintain
the Fleet-C certification, pursuant to GSA policy and guidance.</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221F0O30PM" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> The
Fleet-C, in good standing, shall be required for warrant eligibility
of Fleet personnel.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221F0O504B" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> All
Fleet Acquisition COs with warrants issued prior to October 1, 2015
shall be excepted from the education requirement for this certification
program. Training and experience requirements shall not be excepted.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221F0MN0BF" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">GSA
Real Property Leasing Certification Program (LCP)</i>. GSA Leasing,
Outleasing, and Site Acquisition Contracting Officers regardless
of series, are required to obtain and maintain this certification,
pursuant to GSA policy and guidance.</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221F0R0FE6" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> This certification shall
be required for warrant eligibility for Leasing, Outleasing, and
Site Acquisition professionals.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221F0R0F0A" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> All
Leasing, Outleasing, and Site Acquisition COs with warrants issued
prior to October 1, 2015 shall be excepted from the education requirement
for this certification program. Training and experience requirements
shall not be excepted.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221F0N002L" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">GSA
Personal Property Disposal-Fleet Sales Certification Program (PPFS-C)</i>.
GSA Personal Property Disposal and/or Fleet Sales employees when
required by business and operational need and regardless of series,
are required to obtain and maintain the PPFS-C certification, pursuant
to the policy and guidance.</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221F0R0K4E" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> The PPFS-C shall be required
for warrant eligibility by all personal property disposal and fleet
sales personnel.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221F0R0K44" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> All
Personal Property Disposal-Fleet Sales COs (SCOs) with warrants
issued prior to October 1, 2015 shall be excepted from the education
requirement for this certification program. Training and experience
requirements shall not be excepted.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221F0N00XK" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">GSA
Real Property Disposal Certification Program (RPD-C)</i>. GSA Real
Property Disposal Contracting Officers (Disposal COs), regardless
of series, are required to obtain and maintain this certification,
pursuant to GSA policy and guidance.</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221F0R0RE9" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> The RPD-C shall be required
for warrant eligibility for real property disposal personnel.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221F0R0REX" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> All
Disposal COs with warrants issued prior to October 1, 2015 shall
be excepted from the education requirement for this certification
program. Training and experience requirements shall not be excepted.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id2221F0M0GBI" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Surrender</i>.
If an AWF member wishes to surrender their FAC or agency-specific
certification, their ACM POC must submit the request to AWD stating
that the employee has:</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221F0N0FL7" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> Attained approval for
the termination from their supervisor,</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221F0N0GTS" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> Confirmed
that the certification is no longer needed within the next two fiscal
years,</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221F0N0HNW" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> Understood
that, in order to obtain a new certification after the surrender,
they will be required to complete the certification requirements
in effect at that time, and</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221F0N0HAX" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> Agreed
that any warrant associated with their FAC-C or agency-specific
certification will be terminated.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id2221F0M30ZJ" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Waivers</i>.
The SPE may waive the requirements for a certification program.
Waivers will only be considered in compelling and well documented
circumstances. This authority is non-delegable. Waivers are not
transferable to other agencies. Waiver requests shall be submitted
by the ACM POC for the requesting organization to the OGP Acquisition Workforce
Division for review and routing to the SPE.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="id2221F0M0HX4" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reciprocity
of Certification Programs</i>. Pursuant to the policies and guidance
established by GSA, the applicant shall present evidence of the
Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) or FAC certification
for consideration to obtain a FAC or agency-specific certification
through reciprocity.</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221F0N0QL7" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reciprocity with DOD
Certification Programs</i>. GSA may recognize DAWIA certifications
(Public Law 101-510) issued by DOD activities.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p id="id2221F0N0SBL" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reciprocity
with FAC Programs</i>.</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221F0R60YE" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> FAC-C to FAC-COR. Individuals
certified as FAC-C are considered to have met FAC-COR requirements
per OMB Memo "Revisions to the FAC-COR" dated September 6, 2011
(see <xref href="https://www.fai.gov/"
                                    format="html"
                                    scope="external"
                                    class="- topic/xref ">https://www.fai.gov/</xref>). Individuals
certified as FAC-C at Level I or higher are considered to have met
the FAC-COR requirements for Level II or higher.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p id="id2221F0R70UX" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph> FAC-P/PM
to FAC-COR. Individuals certified as FAC-P/PM are considered to
have met FAC-COR requirements per OMB Memo "Revisions to the FAC-COR"
dated September 6, 2011 (see <xref href="https://www.fai.gov/"
                                    format="html"
                                    scope="external"
                                    class="- topic/xref ">https://www.fai.gov/</xref>).
Individuals certified as FAC-P/PM Level II or higher are considered
to have met the FAC-COR requirements for that same level.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
