<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_552_237_73"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.237-73</ph> Restriction
on Disclosure of Information.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="537.270.dita#GSAM_537_270"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">537.270</xref>,
insert the following clause:</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">Restriction on Disclosure
of Information (June 2009)</p>
			      <ol id="d865e21" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d857e26" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    The
Contractor shall, in the performance of this contract, keep all
information contained in source documents or other media furnished
by the Government in the strictest confidence. The Contractor shall
not publish or otherwise divulge such information in whole or in
part, in any manner or form, nor authorize or permit others to do
so. The Contractor shall take such reasonable measures as are necessary
to restrict access to such information, while in the Contractor’s
possession, to those employees needing such information to perform
the work provided herein, i.e.,on a “need to know” basis. The Contractor
shall immediately notify, in writing, the Contracting Officer in
the event that the Contractor determines or has reason to suspect
a breach of this requirement.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d857e35" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    The Contractor shall
not disclose any information concerning the work under this contract
to any persons or entity unless the Contractor obtains prior written
approval from the Contracting Officer.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d857e44" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    The Contractor shall
insert the substance of this clause in any consultant agreement
or subcontract under this contract.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="d857e53" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                    Any unauthorized disclosure
of information may result in termination of this contract for cause.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
