<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            id="GSAM_552_238_103">
		    <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.238-103</ph> Electronic Commerce.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph "> 
               <xref base="KOSVKQYR"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     href="538.273.dita#GSAM_538_273"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">538.273</xref> 
            </ph>(d)(27) insert
the following clause:</p>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps">Electronic Commerce
(May 2019)</p>
			      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(a)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General
background.</i> The Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act (FASA)
of 1994 requires the Government to evolve its acquisition process
from one driven by paper to an expedited process based on electronic
commerce/electronic data interchange (EC/EDI). EC/EDI encompasses
more than merely automating manual processes and eliminating paper
transactions. EC/EDI improves business processes (e.g. procurement,
finance, logistics) into a fully electronic environment and fundamentally
changes the way organizations operate.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(b)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Trading
partners and Value-Added Networks (VAN's)</i>.</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph> Within
the electronic commerce architecture, electronic documents (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>,
orders, invoices, etc.) are carried between the Federal Government's
procuring office and Contractors (now known as “trading partners”).
These transactions are carried by commercial telecommunications
companies called Value-Added Networks (VAN's).</p>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph> EDI
can be performed using commercially available hardware, software,
and telecommunications. The selection of a VAN is a business decision
Contractors must make. There are many different VAN's which provide
a variety of electronic services and different pricing strategies.
If the VAN only provides communications services, you may also need
a software translation package.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(c)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Registration
instructions.</i> To perform EDI with the Government, Contractors
shall register as a trading partner. Contractors will provide regular
business information, banking information, and EDI capabilities
to all agencies in this single registration. A central repository
of all trading partners is the Systems for Award Management (SAM) <xref class="- topic/xref "
                        format="html"
                        href="http://www.sam.gov"
                        scope="external">http://www.sam.gov</xref>.
Contractors shall follow the instructions on the SAM website regarding
how to register for EDI.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(d)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Implementation
conventions.</i> All EDI transactions must comply with the Federal
Implementation Conventions (ICs). The ICs are available on a registry
maintained by the National Institute of Standards and Technology
(NIST). It is accessible via the INTERNET at <xref class="- topic/xref "
                        format="html"
                        href="http://www.nist.gov/itl"
                        scope="external">http://www.nist.gov/itl</xref>.
ICs are available for common business documents such as Purchase Order,
Price Sales Catalog, Invoice, Request for Quotes, etc.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(e)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Additional
information.</i> GSA has additional information available for Contractors
who are interested in using EC/EDI on its website, <xref class="- topic/xref "
                        format="html"
                        href="http://www.gsa.gov"
                        scope="external">http://www.gsa.gov</xref>.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " props="Runin">
					          <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(f)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">GSA Advantage!®.</i>
               </p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph> GSA
Advantage!® uses electronic commerce to receive catalogs, invoices
and text messages; and to send purchase orders, application advice,
and functional acknowledgments. GSA Advantage!® enables customers
to:</p>
							              <ol class="- topic/ol ">
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(i)</ph> Perform database searches
across all contracts by manufacturer; manufacturer's model/part
number; Contractor; and generic supply categories.</p>
								                </li>
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(ii)</ph> Generate
EDI delivery orders to Contractors, generate EDI delivery orders
from the Federal Supply Service to Contractors, or download files
to create their own delivery orders.</p>
								                </li>
								                <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
									                  <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                              <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(iii)</ph> Use
the credit card.</p>
								                </li>
							              </ol>
						            </li>
						            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
							              <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph> GSA
Advantage!® may be accessed via the GSA Home Page. The Internet
address is: <xref class="- topic/xref "
                              format="html"
                              href="http://www.gsa.gov"
                              scope="external">http://www.gsa.gov</xref>.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
			      <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="Endofclause">(End of clause)</p>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
