<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="YUGVHVNF"
            audience="GSAM"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title id="i2127431" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">515.305</ph> Proposal
Evaluation.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d291e13" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d288e17" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Restrictions placed
on a proposal by the submitter.</i>If you receive a proposal with
more restrictive conditions than those in the provision at FAR 52.215-1(e),
ask whether the submitter is willing to accept the conditions of
the paragraph at FAR 52.215-1(e). If the submitter refuses, consult
with legal counsel on whether to accept the proposal as marked or return
it.</p>
            </li>
            <li id="i1887041" class="- topic/li ">
               <p id="d288e32" class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Actions
before releasing proposal.</i> Before releasing any proposal to
an evaluator you must take all the following actions:<ol class="- topic/ol ">
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>Obtain the signed original “Conflict
of Interest Acknowledgment and Nondisclosure Agreement” from each
Government and nongovernment individual serving as an evaluator.
Use the Acknowledgment/Agreement in Figure 515.3-1.</p>
                        <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>For employees of other Executive
agencies, replace the reference in paragraph (c) of the Acknowledgement/Agreement
to GSA's supplemental standards with a reference to the applicable
agency.</p>
                           </li>
                           <li class="- topic/li ">
                              <p class="- topic/p ">
                                 <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>for nongovernment evaluators,
substitute paragraph (c) of the Acknowledgement/Agreement with the
following language and delete paragraph (h):</p>
                           </li>
                        </ol>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">
                           <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>Attach to each proposal
a cover page bearing the following notice:</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Government Notice
for Handling Proposals</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">To anyone receiving this proposal or
proposal abstract:</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">(1) This proposal must be used and disclosed
for evaluation purposes only.</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">(2) You must apply a copy of
this Government notice to any reproduction or abstract of this proposal.</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">(3)
You must comply strictly with any authorized restrictive notices
which the submitter places on this proposal.</p>
                        <p class="- topic/p ">(4) You must
not disclose this proposal outside the Government for evaluation
purposes except to the extent authorized by, and in accordance with,
the procedures in 48 CFR 515.305-71.</p>
                     </li>
                  </ol>
               </p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
