<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="GSAM_501_603_3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " id="i2134397">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">501.603-3</ph> Appointment.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d32e13" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e18">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Certificate
of appointment</i>.</p>
               <ol id="d32e26" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e31">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  HCAs approve warrants
and appoint contracting officers, prior to issuance of the SF-1402.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e64">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Types of appointments</i>.
Candidates are nominated for either an interim or permanent appointment.</p>
               <ol id="d32e72" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e77">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Interim
appointments</i>. Interim appointments are for a specified period
of time. Personnel who hold interim
warrants must complete all training required for a permanent
warrant within 1 year of
the interim appointment. Personnel who hold interim warrants above the simplified level must
complete all training and formal education required for a permanent
warrant within 3 years of the interim appointment.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e89">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Permanent
appointments</i>. A permanent appointment may be made when a candidate meets all requirements
for experience, education, and training at the time the appointment
is made.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e103">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Applicability of
Warrant Authority</i>.</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AF0FA0X4">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>Warrants
are valid agency-wide within GSA, with noted exceptions. Operational
guidance is available on the Acquisition Career Management pages
on the GSA Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                              format="html"
                              scope="external"
                              class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AF0FG0ZJ">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>Contracting
officers that transfer to a new contracting activity maintain their
existing active warrant in the new contracting activity upon HCA
approval.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AF0FH07U">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exceptions</i>.
Warrants will be administratively terminated upon employee transfer
if:</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AF0G02BF">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>The contracting officer transfers
to a non-contracting activity;</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AF0G022L">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>The
warrant authority is specific (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, Real Property Leasing,
Real Property Disposal, Fleet Acquisition, Fleet Sales, Personal
Property Disposal) and the receiving contracting activity does not
have authority for execution of work associated with the requisite
warrant;</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AF0G03XK">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph>The
receiving contracting activity does not have an organizational need
for the warrant; or,</p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AF0G04L7">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iv)</ph>The
receiving contracting activity needs to increase or decrease the
warrant threshold.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e115">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Authority
to make purchases for domestic and national security emergencies</i>.</p>
               <ol id="d32e123" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e128">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> A
contracting officer may enter
into contracts on behalf of a GSA organization different from the
organization specified in their Certificate of Appointment in response
to a contingency operation, defense or recovery from certain attacks,
major disaster declarations as defined in FAR 18 and other domestic
or national security emergencies.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e137">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  The
Office of the Chief Acquisition Officer (OCAO) or HCA may grant
higher contracting authority during emergencies for Basic, Simplified
and Intermediate warrants.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e150">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  The
OCAO or HCA may appoint contracting officers with authority limited
to entering into contracts required to respond to domestic or national
security emergencies. This will provide GSA a cadre of emergency
contracting officers who can instantly respond to emergencies if
necessary. For warrants issued as a direct result of an emergency,
the OCAO or HCA must have reasonable assurance that the employee
is eligible to be warranted if the nature of the emergency precludes
submission of otherwise required documentation
for the warrant (see <xref href="#GSAM_501_603_3"
                              outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                              class="- topic/xref ">501.603-3</xref>(b)).</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e164">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>   <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Record maintenance
and disposal</i>.</p>
               <ol id="d32e172" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e177">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  HCAs are required to
keep and maintain comprehensive files containing relevant information
on all appointed contracting officers until such time as all warrant
data is fully maintained in the
career management system of record, and as determined by the
ACM.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e186">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  HCAs
are required to submit reports, at
least on a quarterly basis, to the ACM with consistent and
up to date information on the contracting officer warrants issued
and terminated until such time as all warrant data is fully maintained
in the career management system
of record, and as determined by the ACM.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e195">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  Acquisition
professionals are responsible for maintaining a copy of their acquisition
training history and source documents used for certification requests.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d31e204">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph> In accordance
with GSA Order OAS P 1820.1, GSA Records Management Program, dispose
of expired contracting officer files and warrants by placing the
contracting officer records in an inactive file following reassignment,
termination of employment or revocation of designation. The inactive
file cutoff date is the end of the fiscal year. The files are to
be destroyed two years after the cutoff.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
