<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="GSAM_502_101">
      <title class="- topic/title " id="id183G9B0027Q" xtrc="GSAR">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">502.101</ph> Definitions.</title>
      <conbody>
         <p>“Acquisition Career Manager (ACM)” means the GSA agency official within the Office of Acquisition Policy that has been appointed by the CAO, or designee, to lead the agency's acquisition career management programs. </p>
         <p>“Acquisition Career Navigator (ACN)” means an individual designated in writing by the Head of the Contracting Activity to lead the implementation of acquisition career management functions described in 501.601(b)(5). These officials serve within the limits of their delegated authority per 501.601. Acquisition Career Navigators are identified on the GSA Acquisition Portal at https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal. </p>
         <p>
            “Agency Advocate for Competition” means the Director, Office of General Services Acquisition Policy, Integrity, and Workforce within the Office of Acquisition Policy.</p>
         <p>“Agency labor advisor” means the Director of the General Services
Acquisition Policy Division within the Office of Acquisition Policy.</p>
         <p>“Assigned counsel” means the attorney in the Office of General
Counsel (including offices of Regional Counsel) assigned to provide
legal review or assistance.</p>
         <p>“Acquisition Workforce (AWF)” means individuals who perform various acquisition-related functions to support the accomplishment of an agency's mission. Acquisition, pursuant to 41 U.S.C. 403, includes, among traditional contracting functions, requirements definition, measurement of contract performance, and technical and management direction. Membership in the AWF may be on a full-time, part-time, or occasional basis.<ol>
               <li>
                  <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0R0DL7">
                     <ph props="autonumber">(a)</ph> Members of the AWF may include:</p>
                  <ol>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0R0PPM">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(1)</ph> Individuals who are substantially involved in defining, determining, and managing acquisition requirements,</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0R0S4B">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(2)</ph> Individuals involved in acquisition planning and strategy,</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0R0TE6">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(3)</ph> Individuals who participate in the process of establishing the business relationship to obtain needed goods and services (e.g., contracting process, those involved in the solicitation, evaluation and award of acquisitions),</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0R0T0A">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(4)</ph> Individuals who manage the process after business arrangements have been established to ensure that the government's needs are met (<i>e.g.</i>, testing and evaluating, managing and monitoring the manufacturing and production activities, auditing, contract administration, performance management and evaluation, etc.),</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0R0U4E">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(5)</ph> Individuals who arrange disposal of any residual items after work is complete, (<i>e.g.</i>, property management/disposal),</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0R0V44">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(6)</ph> Individuals who support the business processes of the activities listed in this paragraph (<i>e.g.,</i> subject matter experts),</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="d49e67">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(7)</ph>Individuals who have the authority to enter into and administer leases on the Government’s behalf,</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0R0WE9">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(8)</ph> Individuals who directly manage those involved in any of the activities listed in this paragraph.</p>
                     </li>
                  </ol>
               </li>
               <li>
                  <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0R0HBL">
                     <ph props="autonumber">(b)</ph> At a minimum, the acquisition workforce of the agency, includes:</p>
                  <ol>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0R90EX">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(1)</ph> All positions in the general schedule contracting series (GS-1102), realty series (GS-1170), and other series, as identified by the Chief Acquisition Officer, Senior Procurement Executive or Head of Contracting Activity.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0RA0YE">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(2)</ph> All contracting officers (CO) regardless of general schedule series with authority to obligate funds above the micropurchase threshold.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0RA0UX">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(3)</ph> All positions in the general schedule purchasing series (GS-1105).</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0RA0LK">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(4)</ph> Program and project managers, as identified by the Chief Acquisition Officer (CAO), the Senior Procurement Executive, or HCA.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0RB09N">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(5)</ph> All Contracting Officer's Representatives (CORs) or equivalent positions.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li>
                        <p class="- topic/p " id="id216AH0RC00A">
                           <ph props="autonumber">(6)</ph> Any significant acquisition-related positions identified by the CAO, Senior Procurement Executive or Head of Contracting Activity, or equivalent, using the guidance provided in this paragraph.</p>
                     </li>
                  </ol>
               </li>
            </ol>
         </p>
         <p>
            “Contracting Activity Advocate for Competition” means an individual designated in writing by the Head of the Contracting Activity to execute the duties and responsibilities as prescribed by <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/6.502"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external">FAR 6.502</xref>. Advocates for competition are identified on the GSA Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal."
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"/>
         </p>
         <p audience="GSAR">“Commercial supplier agreements” means terms
and conditions customarily offered to the public by vendors of supplies
or services that meets the definition of “commercial products and
commercial services” set forth in FAR 2.101 and intended to create
a binding legal obligation on the end user. Commercial supplier
agreements are particularly common in information technology acquisitions,
including acquisitions of commercial computer software and commercial
technical data, but they may apply to any product or service. The
term applies–</p>
         <ol id="d42e27">
            <li audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d41e34" audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                    Regardless
of the format or style of the document. For example, a commercial
supplier agreement may be styled as standard terms of sale or lease,
Terms of Service (TOS), End User License Agreement (EULA), or another
similar legal instrument or agreement, and may be presented as part
of a proposal or quotation responding to a solicitation for a contract or
order;</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d41e43" audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                    Regardless of the media
or delivery mechanism used. For example, a commercial supplier agreement
may be presented as one or more paper documents or may appear on
a computer or other electronic device screen during a purchase, software
installation, other product delivery, registration for a service,
or another transaction.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p>
            “Contracting Director” means an individual designated in writing by the Head of the Contracting Activity responsible for performing contracting or contract administration functions as defined in <xref href="501.601.dita#GSAM_501_601" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">501.601</xref>. Contracting directors are identified on the GSA Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"/>.
         </p>
         <p id="d41e132">“Debarring official” or “suspending official”
means the individual designated as GSA’s Suspension &amp; Debarment
Official.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR">“GSA Information System” means an information
system owned or operated by the U.S. General Services Administration or
by a contractor or other organization on behalfof the U.S. General
Services Administration including:</p>
         <ol>
            <li>
               <ol>
                  <li audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d49e147">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        “Cloud
Information System” means information systems developed using cloud
computing. Cloud computing is a model for enabling ubiquitous, convenient,
on-demand network access to a shared pool of configurable computing resources
(e.g., networks, servers, storage, applications) that can be rapidly
provisioned and released with minimal management effort or service
provider interaction. Cloud information systems include Infrastructure
as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS), or Software as
a Service (SaaS). Cloud information systems may connect to the GSA network.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d49e152">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        “External
Information System” means information systems that reside in contractor
facilities and typically do not connect to the GSA network. External
information systems may be government owned and contractor operated
or contractor owned and operated on behalf of GSA or the Federal
Government (when GSA is the managing agency).</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d49e157">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        “Internal
Information System” means information systems that reside on premise
in GSA facilities and may connect to the GSA network. Internal systems
are operated on behalf of GSA or the Federal Government (when GSA
is the managing agency).</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d49e162">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                        “Low Impact
Software as a Service (LiSaaS) System” means cloud applications
that are implemented for a limited duration, considered low impact
and would cause limited harm to GSA.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d49e167">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>
                        “Mobile
Application” means a type of application software designed to run
on a mobile device, such as a smartphone or tablet computer.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p id="d41e139">
            “Head of the Contracting Activity (HCA)” means the official who has overall responsibility for managing the contracting activity. These officials serve within the limits of their delegated authority per 501.601. HCAs are identified on the GSA Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"/>.
         </p>
         <ol>
            <li>
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d49e177">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  For GSA, the GSA Administrator has delegated the authority to the Senior Procurement Executive (SPE).
               </p>
            </li>
            <li>
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d49e182">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  <ph props="autonumber">(b)</ph>The SPE has redelegated the authority to the Chief Administrative Services Officer (CASO) and the Commissioners and Deputy Commissioners of the Federal Acquisition Service (FAS) and the Public Buildings Service (PBS). The CASO may not re-delegate the authority. The FAS and PBS Commissioners and Deputy Commissioners may re-delegate the authority down one level.
               </p>
            </li>
            <li>
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d49e189">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  Redelegations made by FAS and PBS are identified on the GSA Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"/>.
               </p>
            </li>
            <li>
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d49e196">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>If statute, regulations or policies (e.g., <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/6.302-7"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external">FAR 6.302-7</xref>) preclude an agency head delegating authority, HCA authority remains with the GSA Administrator.
               </p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p id="id21938H00K5Z">“IN-Depth Feedback through Open Reporting
Methods (INFORM)” means GSA’s enhanced debrief and explanation communication
procedures detailed in <xref href="515.370.dita#GSAM_515_370" outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">515.370</xref>.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR">“Information System” means a discrete set of
information resources organized for the collection, processing,
maintenance, use, sharing, dissemination, or disposition of information.</p>
         <p>“Senior procurement executive” means the Deputy Chief Acquisition
Officer.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
