<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="GSAM_519_705_2"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">519.705-2</ph> Determining the need
for a subcontracting plan.</title>
      <conbody id="i1884766" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d368e13" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e17">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  When the contracting
officer calculates the applicable threshold, consider the actual
or estimated value of the contract for the entire term of the contract,
including any option period(s). This also applies to schedule contracts
and other indefinite delivery type contracts. Consider the estimated
value of all orders expected to be placed during the term plus all options.</p>
            </li>
            <li id="i1884768" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e26">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph> FAR
19.705-2(d) permits the contracting officer to require submission
of subcontracting plans with initial offers under a negotiated acquisition.
The contracting officer <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">must</u> require all offerors (other
than small business concerns) to submit subcontracting plans with
their initial offers when a negotiated acquisition meets all conditions:</p>
               <ol id="d368e35" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e39">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  The
contracting officer anticipates receiving individual subcontracting
plans (not commercial plans).</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e48">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> The contracting
officer will award on the basis of trade-offs among cost or price
and technical and/or management factors under FAR 15.101-1.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e57">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  The
acquisition <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u ">is not</u> a commercial product or commercial service
acquisition.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e69">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>  The
acquisition offers more than minimal subcontracting opportunities.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e78">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>  An
offeror’s subcontracting plan is identified as an evaluation factor
in the solicitation.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e89">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph> Nothing
in paragraph (b) above limits the contracting officer’s ability
to request subcontracting plans with initial offers under other
negotiated acquisitions when he or she decides such action is appropriate
under FAR 19.705-2(d). For example, such action may be appropriate
for multiple award schedules where GSA may have responsibility for
negotiating commercial plans.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e98">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>  Notify
the AA OSDBU after receipt of offers if the contracting officer
determines that an apparent successful offeror’s proposal has no
subcontracting opportunities.</p>
               <ol id="d368e104" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e108">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  Coordinate
the notice through the contracting officer's SBTA.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e117">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  Include
justification documenting the rationale behind a determination of
no subcontracting opportunities. The contracting officer may use
the justification provided by the apparent successful offeror</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d364e126">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  Obtain
AA OSDBU concurrence on the determination prior to contract award.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
