<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="GSAM_519_705_3" class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">519.705-3</ph> Preparing the solicitation.</title>
      <conbody id="i1884784" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d369e13" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d365e17">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> Model subcontracting plan. Contracting officers are encouraged to include GSA's Model Subcontracting Plans, available on the OSDBU subcontracting page at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/subcontracting"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref "/>, in solicitations to facilitate preparation of subcontracting plans.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d366e16">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  Subcontracting goals. Contracting officers shall not tell offerors what a contract’s subcontracting goals should be. The contracting officer may share historical data, Government-wide statutory goals or GSA’s agency goals as a guide to industry. However, a contract’s subcontracting goals must reflect maximum practicable opportunities for the acquisition as required by FAR <xref scope="external"
                        format="html"
                        href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/19.702"
                        class="- topic/xref ">19.702</xref>.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d366e25">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>  Small business consideration. For a negotiated acquisition, if the contracting officer believes that the acquisition provides substantial subcontracting opportunities, the contracting officer should consider including a small business participation evaluation factor (see <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                        href="515.304.dita#GSAM_515_304"
                        base="gsam-515.304"
                        xtrc="515.304"
                        class="- topic/xref ">515.304</xref>). The contracting officer may consult with the GSA SBTA to obtain any needed assistance with developing small business participation evaluation criteria.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d366e73">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>  Any solicitation requiring a subcontracting plan must be reviewed internally by the appropriate GSA SBTA prior to submission to the SBA PCR, as required by FAR <xref scope="external"
                        format="html"
                        href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/19.705-3"
                        class="- topic/xref ">19.705-3</xref>. Additionally, COs are reminded that the GSA SBTA will coordinate communications with SBA and will submit the solicitation to the SBA PCR, in accordance with <xref outputclass="fm:Subpart"
                        href="Subpart_519.4.dita#GSAM_Subpart_519_4"
                        base="gsam-subpart 519.4"
                        xtrc="subpart 519.4"
                        class="- topic/xref ">subpart  519.4</xref>. A reasonable timeframe for GSA SBTA and SBA PCR review is typically 10 business days combined.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
