<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="GSAM_519_602_3"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">519.602-3</ph> Resolving differences
between the agency and the Small Business Administration.</title>
      <conbody id="i1884742" class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d362e13" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d358e17">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    Within 5 business days
after requesting the SBA Area Office to refer an intention to issue
a Certificate of Competency to SBA Headquarters for review, the
contracting officer shall forward the information in paragraphs
(a)(1) and (a)(2) of this subsection to the AA OSDBU through your
designated SBTA. This period may be extended by mutual agreement.</p>
               <ol id="d362e23" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d358e27">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Copies
of all correspondence between GSA and SBA concerning the case. Include
the initial referral notice of nonresponsibility.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li id="i1884752" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d358e36">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Copies
of all technical documents sent to SBA (for example, the solicitation,
preaward surveys, or any abstract of offers). Include any new information
and a justification of the contracting officer's decision to continue
the appeal.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li id="i1884754" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d358e47">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    After
considering all the facts and conferring with the contracting officer,
the AA OSDBU will decide
whether or not to file a formal appeal. Before deciding whether
or not to appeal, the AA OSDBU must
notify the contracting officer.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d358e56">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   For decisions
on cases over $25,000,000, the AA
OSDBU shall confer with the contracting activity before responding to
SBA regarding either of the options in FAR 19.602-3(b)(1)(i) and
(ii).</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
