<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept id="GSAM_538_7001"
            audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">538.7001</ph> Definitions.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">As used in this subpart—</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Eligible</i> means an entity that meets the requirements prescribed by statute, regulation, or other authority for purposes of being able to use FSS contracts. Information about GSA’s FSS eligibility process is available at <xref href="https://www.gsa.gov/eligibilitydeterminations"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">https://www.gsa.gov/eligibilitydeterminations</xref>.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Non-Federal entity</i> means any state, local, 15 territorial, or tribal government, or any instrumentality thereof (including any local educational agency or institution of higher education); and any other non-Federal organization (e.g., a qualified nonprofit agency as defined in 40 U.S.C. 502(b)).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Preparedness</i> means actions that may include, but are not limited to: planning, resourcing, organizing, equipping, training, and conducting exercises to improve, build and sustain the capabilities necessary to prevent, protect, mitigate, respond, and recover from a disaster. </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Recovery</i> means actions taken to assist communities affected by an incident to recover effectively. This includes, but is not limited to, actions to restore, redevelop, and revitalize the health, social, economic, natural, and environmental fabric of the community. Recovery may begin while response is still occurring.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Response</i> means actions taken during a disaster, or in its aftermath, in order to save lives, protect property and the environment, and meet basic human needs. Response also includes the execution of emergency plans and actions to enable recovery from a disaster.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
