<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="GSAM_542_202"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title ">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">542.202</ph> Assignment of contract administration.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <ol id="d706e13" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d699e17">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>  Assignment of contract
administration is the process whereby identified functions, duties,
or responsibilities related to the administration of contracts are
assigned to either a contract administration office (CAO) or an
administrative contracting officer (ACO) within a contracting office.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d699e26">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>  Each
contracting director must establish procedures that ensure that
qualified personnel perform contract administration activities in
an effective manner. Usually, the PCO or the ACO in the contracting
office performs these activities (but see paragraphs (c) – (d) of
this section).</p>
            </li>
            <li id="i1878790" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d699e41">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>  If
it is more efficient, management may establish a separate CAO. Consider
each of the following:</p>
               <ol id="d706e45" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d699e51">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>  The nature and complexity
of the contract.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d699e60">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>  The
need to perform contract administration at or near the contractor’s
facility or the place of performance.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d699e69">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>  The
availability of resources.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d699e80">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>  The contracting officer may designate one or more representatives to perform specified functions such as quality assurance, production, price analysis, finance and various engineering and technical specialties. The contracting officer’s representatives (CORs) may not enter into or modify a contract or otherwise perform functions reserved for a contracting officer (except see 543.202 for construction contracts).</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d699e92">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>  If
the contracting officer delegates contract administration to an
ACO or designates a contracting officer’s technical representative
(COTR) or contracting officer’s representative (COR), then provide
the contractor with the name of the ACO and any representative and
identify the functions each is authorized to perform.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d699e102">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>  The
contracting officer may provide or make available to the ACO a complete
copy of the contract file. The contracting officer may provide each
COR and COTR with the contract file information they need to perform
their duties</p>
            </li>
            <li id="i1878801" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d699e111">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph> The
contracting officer may delegate to an ACO functions other than
those listed in FAR 42.302 and <xref href="542.302.dita"
                        outputclass="fm:TopicList"
                        class="- topic/xref "/> after obtaining
approval from the Senior Procurement Executive. The contracting
officer may submit requests through the HCA. If approved, the contracting
officer should follow FAR 42.202(c).</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
