<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita>
   <concept audience="GSAR"
            id="GSAM_552_238_118"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.238-118</ph> Single-use Plastic (SUP) Free Packaging Identification.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e8">As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref href="538.273.dita#GSAM_538_273"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                     class="- topic/xref ">538.273</xref>(a)</ph>, insert the following provision:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">Single-use Plastic (SUP) Free Packaging Identification (JUL 2024)</p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e19">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Single-use plastic free packing promotions</i>. Ordering activities may focus their GSA Advantage!® search on the designated icon and price to meet climate objectives. Contractors who want to be considered must include SUP free packaging as defined in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                        href="502.101.dita#GSAM_502_101"
                        base="gsam-502.101"
                        xtrc="502.101"
                        class="- topic/xref ">502.101</xref>. </p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e29">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Procedures</i>. Offerors may complete the information in paragraph (c) of this provision when the resulting contract includes supplies or products. </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e37">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">SUP free brand packaging</i>. Schedule contractors may incorporate this information as part of their Schedule price list once the products that utilize SUP free brand packaging are incorporated under their Schedule contract, prior to competing for an order for the identified product.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e44">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">SUP free shipping packaging</i>. If the offeror is a reseller who is unable to address the brand packaging, but would like to pursue the icon for SUP free shipping packaging, they may identify this availability. </p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e51">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Optional identification submission</i>. In order to be considered for the designated icon noted in paragraph (d) of this provision, the offeror must provide the following information. </p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e59">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">SUP free brand packaging</i>. The offeror identifies that some or all supplies delivered under a contract resulting from this solicitation __ will use SUP free brand packaging. SUP free brand packaging where applicable should be included in the offer's price list.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e66">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">SUP free shipping packaging.</i>
                     </p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e73">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph> The offeror identifies that some or all the supplies to be delivered under a contract resulting from this solicitation __ will use only SUP free shipping packaging. SUP free shipping packaging where applicable should be included in the offer's price list. </p>
                        </li>
                        <li class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e78">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>If the offeror responded “will” in paragraph (c)(2)(i) of this provision, the offeror identifies that the SUP free shipping packaging __ does need to be requested by the ordering official.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e83">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Identification standards</i>. SUP free packaging icon for the types identified in paragraph (c) of this provision, will be available on GSA Advantage!®, as applicable.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="d982e90">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>Verification of SUP free packaging. An offeror, in identifying an item with SUP free packaging, must possess evidence or rely on a reasonable basis to substantiate the claim. The Government will accept an offeror's claim of SUP free packaging on the basis of possession of competent and reliable evidence. For any test, analysis, research, study, or other evidence to be “competent and reliable,” it must have been conducted and evaluated in an objective manner, using procedures generally accepted in the profession to yield accurate and reliable results.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p outputclass="Endofprovision" class="- topic/p "> (End of provision)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
