<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="GSAM_552_238_80"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.238-80</ph> Industrial
Funding Fee and Sales Reporting.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="538.273.dita#GSAM_538_273"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">538.273</xref>(d)(4)
insert the following clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">Industrial Funding Fee and Sales
Reporting (Jul 2020)</p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li id="id195AC0R0J34" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d966e17">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    Reporting of Federal
Supply Schedule Sales. The Contractor shall report all contract
sales under this contract as follows:</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li id="id195AC0R0X70" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0RA0IJ" audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The
Contractor shall accurately report the dollar value, in U.S. dollars
and rounded to the nearest whole dollar, of all sales under this
contract by calendar quarter (January 1-March 31, April 1-June 30,
July 1-September 30, and October 1-December 31). The dollar value
of a sale is the price paid by the Schedule user for products and
services on a Schedule task or delivery order. The reported contract
sales value shall include the Industrial Funding Fee (IFF). The Contractor
shall maintain a consistent accounting method of sales reporting,
based on the Contractor's established commercial accounting practice.
The acceptable points at which sales may be reported include–</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0UK0EE" audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Receipt of order;</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0V06JU" audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Shipment or delivery,
as applicable;</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0V07OG" audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Issuance of an invoice;
or</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0V08P1" audience="GSAR">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iv)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Payment.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li id="id195AC0S01MP" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0S01BQ" audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Contract
sales shall be reported to Federal Acquisition Services (FAS) within
30 calendar days following the completion of each reporting quarter.
The Contractor shall continue to furnish quarterly reports, including
“zero” sales, through physical completion of the last outstanding
task order or delivery order of the contract.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li id="id195AC0S0Q4G" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0S0Q4N" audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         Reportable
sales under the contract are those resulting from sales of contract
items to authorized users unless the purchase was conducted pursuant
to a separate contracting authority such as a Governmentwide Acquisition
Contract (GWAC); a separately awarded FAR Part 12, FAR Part 13,
FAR Part 14, or FAR Part 15 procurement; or a non-FAR contract.
Sales made to state and local governments under Cooperative Purchasing
authority shall be counted as reportable sales for IFF purposes.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li id="id195AC0S0R11" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0S0RAF" audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The
Contractor shall electronically report the quarterly dollar value
of sales, including “zero” sales, by utilizing the automated reporting
system at an Internet website designated by the General Services
Administration (GSA)’s Federal Acquisition Service (FAS). Prior
to using this automated system, the Contractor shall complete contract
registration with the FAS Vendor Support Center (VSC). The website
address, as well as registration instructions and reporting procedures,
will be provided at the time of award. The Contractor shall report
sales separately for each National Stock Number (NSN), Special Item
Number (SIN), or sub-item.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li id="id195AC0S0SUR" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0S0SHI" audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The
Contractor shall convert the total value of sales made in foreign
currency to U.S. dollars using the “Treasury Reporting Rates of
Exchange” issued by the U.S. Department of Treasury, Financial Management
Service. The Contractor shall use the issue of the Treasury report
in effect on the last day of the calendar quarter. The report is
available from Financial Management Service, International Funds
Branch, Telephone: (202) 874-7994, Internet: <xref href="http://www.fiscal.treasury.gov/fsreports/rpt/treasRptRateExch/treasRptRateExch_home.htm"
                              format="html"
                              scope="external"
                              class="- topic/xref ">http://www.fiscal.treasury.gov/fsreports/rpt/treasRptRateExch/treasRptRateExch_home.htm</xref>.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li id="id195AC0T0KH4" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0T09MK" audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    The
Contractor shall remit the IFF at the rate set by GSA's FAS.</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li id="id195AC0TK09J" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0U06YK" audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The
Contractor shall remit the IFF to FAS in U.S. dollars within 30
calendar days after the end of the reporting quarter; final payment
shall be remitted within 30 days after physical completion of the
last outstanding task order or delivery order of the contract.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li id="id195AC0U0P49" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0U0PVF" audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The
IFF represents a percentage of the total quarterly sales reported.
This percentage is set at the discretion of GSA's FAS. GSA's FAS
has the unilateral right to change the percentage at any time, but
not more than once per year. FAS will provide reasonable notice
prior to the effective date of the change. The IFF reimburses FAS
for the costs of operating the Federal Supply Schedules Program.
FAS recoups its operating costs from ordering activities as set
forth in 40 U.S.C. 321: Acquisition Services Fund. Net operating
revenues generated by the IFF are also applied to fund initiatives
benefitting other authorized FAS programs, in accordance with 40
U.S.C. 321. Offerors must include the IFF in their prices. The fee
is included in the award price(s) and reflected in the total amount
charged to ordering activities. FAS will post notice of the current
IFF at 
                           <xref href="https://srp.fas.gsa.gov/​"
                              format="html"
                              scope="external"
                              class="- topic/xref ">https://srp.fas.gsa.gov/​</xref>
                         or
successor website as appropriate.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li id="id195AC0T0RKV" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0T0RH7" audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    Within
60 days of award, an FAS representative will provide the Contractor
with specific written procedural instructions on remitting the IFF.
FAS reserves the unilateral right to change such instructions from
time to time, following notification to the Contractor.</p>
            </li>
            <li id="id195AC0T0SVI" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " id="id195AC0T0SGH" audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   Failure
to remit the full amount of the IFF within 30 calendar days after
the end of the applicable reporting period constitutes a contract
debt to the United States Government under the terms of FAR Subpart
32.6. The Government may exercise all rights under the Debt Collection
Improvement Act of 1996, including withholding or setting off payments
and interest on the debt (see FAR clause 52.232-17, Interest). Should
the Contractor fail to submit the required sales reports, falsify
them, or fail to timely pay the IFF, this is sufficient cause for
the Government to terminate the contract for cause.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Alternate I</i> (May
2019). As prescribed in <xref href="538.273.dita#GSAM_538_273"
                  base="KOSVKQYR"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">538.273</xref>(d)(4),
substitute the following paragraphs (a), (b), (c), and (d) for paragraphs (a),
(b), (c), and (d) of the basic clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(a) Definition. “Transactional
data” encompasses the historical details of the products or services
delivered by the Contractor during the performance of task or delivery
orders issued against this contract.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(b) Reporting of Transactional
Data. The Contractor must report all transactional data under this
contract as follows:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) The Contractor must
electronically report transactional data by utilizing the automated
reporting system at an Internet website designated by the General
Services Administration (GSA) or by uploading the data according
to GSA instructions. GSA will post registration instructions and
reporting procedures on the Vendor Support Center website, https://vsc.gsa.gov.
The reporting system website address, as well as registration instructions
and reporting procedures, will be provided at the time of award
or inclusion of this clause in the contract.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The Contractor must
provide, at no additional cost to the Government, the following
transactional data elements, as applicable:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) Contract or Blanket
Purchase Agreement (BPA) Number.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) Delivery/Task Order
Number/Procurement Instrument Identifier (PIID).</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iii) Non Federal Entity.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(iv) Description of Deliverable.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(v) Manufacturer Name.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vi) Manufacturer Part
Number.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(vii) Unit Measure (each,
hour, case, lot).</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(viii) Quantity of Item
Sold.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ix) Universal Product
Code.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(x) Price Paid per Unit.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(xi) Total Price.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Note to paragraph
(b)(2)</b>: The Contracting Officer may add data elements to the
standard elements listed in paragraph (b)(2) of this section with
the approvals listed in GSAM <xref href="507.105.dita#GSAM_507_105"
                  base="ARLDTDPM"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">507.105</xref>(c)(3).</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) The contractor must
report transactional data within 30 calendar days from the last
calendar day of the month. If there was no contract activity during
the month, the Contractor must submit a confirmation of no reportable
transactional data within 30 calendar days of the last calendar
day of the month.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) The Contractor must
report the price paid per unit, total price, or any other data elements
with an associated monetary value listed in (b)(2) of this section,
in U.S. dollars.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) The reported price
paid per unit and total price must include the Industrial Funding
Fee (IFF).</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(6) The Contractor must
maintain a consistent accounting method of transactional data reporting,
based on the Contractor's established commercial accounting practice.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(7) Reporting Points.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) The acceptable points
at which transactional data may be reported include-</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(A) Issuance of an invoice;
or</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List4" class="- topic/p ">(B) Receipt of payment.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(ii) The Contractor must
determine whether to report transactional data on the basis of invoices
issued or payments received.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(8) The Contractor must
continue to furnish reports, including confirmation of no transactional
data, through physical completion of the last outstanding task or
delivery order of the contract.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(9) Unless otherwise
expressly stated by the ordering activity, orders that contain classified
information or other or information that would compromise national
security are exempt from this reporting requirement.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(10) This clause does
not exempt the Contractor from fulfilling existing reporting requirements
contained elsewhere in the contract.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(11) GSA reserves the
unilateral right to change reporting instructions following 60 calendar
days' advance notification to the Contractor.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Industrial Funding
Fee (IFF)</i>.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(1) This contract includes
an IFF charged on orders placed against this contract. The IFF is
paid by the authorized ordering activity but remitted to GSA by
the Contractor. The IFF reimburses GSA for the costs of operating
the Federal Supply Schedule program, as set forth in 40 U.S.C. 321:
Acquisition Services Fund. Net operating revenues generated by the IFF
are also applied to fund initiatives benefitting other authorized
GSA programs, in accordance with 40 U.S.C. 321.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) GSA has the unilateral
right to change the fee amount at any time, but not more than once
per year; GSA will provide reasonable notice prior to the effective
date of any change. GSA will post notice of the current IFF on the
Vendor Support Center website at <xref href="https://vsc.gsa.gov"
                  format="html"
                  scope="external"
                  class="- topic/xref ">https://vsc.gsa.gov</xref>.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Offerors must include
the IFF in their prices. The fee is included in the awarded price(s)
and reflected in the total amount charged to ordering activities.
The fee will not be included in the price of non-contract items
purchased pursuant to a separate contracting authority, such as
a Governmentwide Acquisition Contract (GWAC); a separately awarded
Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Part 12, FAR Part 13, FAR Part
14, or FAR Part 15 procurement; or a non-FAR contract.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) The Contractor must
remit the IFF to GSA in U.S. dollars within 30 calendar days after
the last calendar day of the reporting quarter; final payment must
be remitted within 30 calendar days after physical completion of
the last outstanding task order or delivery order issued against
the contract.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(5) GSA reserves the
unilateral right to change remittance instructions following 60
calendar days' advance notification to the Contractor.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(d) The Contractor's
failure to remit the full amount of the IFF within 30 calendar days
after the end of the applicable reporting period constitutes a contract
debt to the United States Government under the terms of FAR Subpart
32.6. The Government may exercise all rights under the Debt Collection
Improvement Act of 1996, including withholding or offsetting payments and
interest on the debt (see FAR clause 52.232-17, Interest). If the
Contractor fails to submit the required transactional data reports,
falsifies them, or fails to timely pay the IFF, these reasons constitute
sufficient cause for the Government to terminate the contract for
cause.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
