<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="GSAM_552_236_15"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR" xtrf="GSAR">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.236-15</ph> Schedules
for Construction Contracts.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">As prescribed in <xref href="536.515.dita#GSAM_536_515"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.515</xref>, insert the following
clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p ">Schedules for Construction
Contracts (Mar 2019)</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p ">The requirements, of the clause entitled “Schedules
for Construction Contracts” at FAR 52.236-15, are supplemented as
follows:</p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e19">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Purpose</i>.
The project schedule shall be a rational, reasonable, and realistic
plan for completing the work, and conform to the requirements specified
in this clause and elsewhere in the contract. The Contractor understands
and acknowledges that the preparation and proper management of the
project schedule is a material component of the contract.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e27">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Use
of the schedule</i>. The Contracting Officer shall be entitled,
but not required, to rely upon the project schedule to evaluate
the Contractor's progress, evaluate entitlement to extensions of
time, and determine the criticality or float of any activities described
in such project schedule.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e35">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    Submission.
Prior to notice to proceed, or such other time as may be specified
in the contract, the Contractor shall submit the project schedule.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e40">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Milestones</i>.
The project schedule shall incorporate milestone events specified
in the contract, including, as applicable, notice to proceed, substantial
completion, and milestones related to specified work phases and
site restrictions. The project schedule shall also include Contractor-defined
milestones to identify target dates for critical events, based upon
the Contractor's chosen sequence of work.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e48">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Activities</i>.
The project schedule shall depict all major activities necessary
to complete the work.</p>
            </li>
            <li props="Runin" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e56">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Schedule of values</i>.</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e65">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The
Contractor shall prepare and submit for approval a cost breakdown
of the Contract price, to be referred to as the “schedule of values”,
assigning values to each major activity necessary to complete the work.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e70">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Values
must include all direct and indirect costs, although a separate
value for bond costs may be established.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e75">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          The
schedule of values must contain sufficient detail to enable the
Contracting Officer to evaluate applications for payment.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li props="Runin" audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e80">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conflicting terms</i>.</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e89">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          If
at any time the Contracting Officer finds that the project schedule
does not comply with any contract requirement, the Contracting Officer
will provide written notice to the Contractor.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e94">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          Within
30 calendar days of written notice, or such other time as may be
specified, from the Contracting Officer, the Contractor shall take
one of the following actions:</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e100">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Revise
the project schedule.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e105">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Adjust
activity progress.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e110">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(iii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Provide
sufficient information demonstrating compliance.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e115">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                          If
the Contractor fails to sufficiently address the Contracting Officer's
exceptions to the project schedule, the Contracting Officer may-</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e121">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Withhold
retainage until the project is substantially complete or until such
time as the Contractor has complied with project schedule requirements;
or</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e126">
                              <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(ii)</ph>
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                                Terminate
the contract for default.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e131">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(h)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Revisions
to the schedule</i>. If the Contractor revises the project schedule
after initial approved submission, the Contractor shall provide
in writing a narrative describing the substance of the revision,
the rationale for the revision, and the impact of the revision on
the projected substantial completion date and the available float
for all activities. The addition of detail to prospective activities
shall not be deemed a revision if the overall duration of the detailed
activity does not change.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d938e139">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Updates</i>.
Unless a different period for updates is specified elsewhere, the
Contractor shall update the project schedule weekly to reflect actual
progress in completing the work, and submit the updated project
schedule by the following Monday.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p ">(End of clause)</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">Alternate I (<term class="- topic/term ">Mar</term> 2019).
As prescribed in <xref href="536.515.dita#GSAM_536_515"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.515</xref>(a), substitute
the following paragraphs (c), (e), (h), and (i) for paragraphs (c), (e),
(h), and (i) of the basic clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submission</i>.
Within 30 calendar days of notice to proceed, or such other time
as may be specified in the contract, the Contractor shall submit
the project schedule, together with a written narrative describing
the major work activities, activities on the critical path, and
major constraints underlying the sequence and logic of the project
schedule.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Activities</i>.
(1) The Contractor shall use a critical path method project schedule
to plan, coordinate, and perform the work.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The project schedule
shall depict all activities necessary to complete the work, including,
as applicable, all submittal and submittal review activities, all
procurement activities, and all field activities, including mobilization,
construction, start-up, testing, balancing, commissioning, and punchlist.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Activities shall
be sufficiently detailed and limited in duration to enable proper
planning and coordination of the work, effective evaluation of the
reasonableness and realism of the project schedule, accurate monitoring
of progress, and reliable analysis of schedule impacts.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(4) Activity durations
shall be based upon reasonable and realistic allocation of the resources
required to complete each activity, given physical and logistical
constraints on the performance of the work. All logic shall validly
reflect physical or logistical constraints on relationships between
activities. Except for the first and last activities in the project
schedule, each activity shall have at least one predecessor and
one successor relationship to form a logically connected network plan
from notice to proceed to the contract completion date.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(h) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Revisions to the
schedule.</i> (1) The Contractor should anticipate that the initial
submittal of the project schedule will be subject to review and
may require revision. The Contractor shall devote sufficient resources
for meetings, revisions, and resubmissions of the project schedule
to address any exceptions taken to the initial submittal. The Contractor
understands and acknowledges that the purpose of the initial review
and resolution of exceptions is to maximize the usefulness of the project
schedule for contract performance.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) If the Contractor
revises the project schedule after initial approved submission,
the Contractor shall provide in writing a narrative describing the
substance of the revision, the rationale for the revision, and the
impact of the revision on the projected substantial completion date
and the available float for all activities. The addition of detail
to prospective activities shall not be deemed a revision if the
overall duration of the detailed activity does not change.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List3" class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Updates</i>. Unless
a different period for updates is specified elsewhere, the Contractor
shall update the project schedule monthly to reflect actual progress
in completing the work, and submit the updated project schedule
within 5 working days of the end of each month.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">Alternate II (<term class="- topic/term ">Mar</term> 2019).
As prescribed in <xref href="536.515.dita#GSAM_536_515"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.515</xref>(b), substitute
the following paragraphs (c), (e), and (i) for paragraphs (c), (e), and
(i) of the basic clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submission</i>.
Within 30 calendar days of notice to proceed, or such other time
as may be specified in the contract, the Contractor shall submit
the project schedule, together with a written narrative describing
the major work activities, activities on the critical path, and
major constraints underlying the sequence and logic of the project
schedule.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Activities</i>.
(1) The Contractor shall use a critical path method project schedule
to plan, coordinate, and perform the work.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) The project schedule
shall depict all activities necessary to complete the work, including,
as applicable, all submittal and submittal review activities, all
procurement activities, and all field activities, including mobilization,
construction, start-up, testing, balancing, commissioning, and punchlist.
(3) Activities shall be sufficiently detailed and limited in duration
to enable proper planning and coordination of the work, effective
evaluation of the reasonableness and realism of the project schedule,
accurate monitoring of progress, and reliable analysis of schedule
impacts. (4) Activity durations shall be based upon reasonable and
realistic allocation of the resources required to complete each
activity, given physical and logistical constraints on the performance
of the work. All logic shall validly reflect physical or logistical constraints
on relationships between activities. Except for the first and last
activities in the project schedule, each activity shall have at
least one predecessor and one successor relationship to form a logically
connected network plan from notice to proceed to the contract completion
date.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(h) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Revisions to the
schedule</i>. (1) The Contractor should anticipate that the initial
submittal of the project schedule will be subject to review and
may require revision. The Contractor shall devote sufficient resources
for meetings, revisions, and resubmissions of the project schedule
to address any exceptions taken to the initial submittal. The Contractor
understands and acknowledges that the purpose of the initial review
and resolution of exceptions is to maximize the usefulness of the project
schedule for contract performance.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) If the Contractor
revises the project schedule after initial approved submission,
the Contractor shall provide in writing a narrative describing the
substance of the revision, the rationale for the revision, and the
impact of the revision on the projected substantial completion date
and the available float for all activities. The addition of detail
to prospective activities shall not be deemed a revision if the
overall duration of the detailed activity does not change.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(i) Updates. Unless a
different period for updates is specified elsewhere, the Contractor
shall update the project schedule monthly to reflect actual progress
in completing the work, and submit the updated project schedule
within 5 working days of the end of each month.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="NoIndent" class="- topic/p ">Alternate II (<term class="- topic/term ">Mar</term> 2019).
As prescribed in <xref href="536.515.dita#GSAM_536_515"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">536.515</xref>(b), substitute
the following paragraphs (c), (e), and (i) for paragraphs (c), (e), and
(i) of the basic clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submission</i>.
(1) Within 30 calendar days of notice to proceed, or such other
time as may be specified in the contract, the Contractor shall submit
the project schedule, together with a written narrative describing
the major design and construction activities. The project schedule
may indicate construction activities in summary form prior to completion
of final design documents</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Within 30 calendar
days of completion of final design documents, the Contractor shall
submit a revised project schedule depicting all activities necessary
to complete construction work activities, together with a written
narrative describing the major work activities, activities on the
critical path, and major constraints underlying the sequence and
logic of the project schedule.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Activities</i>.
(1) The Contractor shall use a critical path method project schedule
to plan, coordinate, and perform the work.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(2) Activities shall
be sufficiently detailed and limited in duration to enable proper
planning and coordination of the work, effective evaluation of the
reasonableness and realism of the project schedule, accurate monitoring
of progress, and reliable analysis of schedule impacts.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List2" class="- topic/p ">(3) Activity durations
shall be based upon reasonable and realistic allocation of the resources
required to complete each activity, given physical and logistical
constraints on the performance of the work. All logic shall validly
reflect physical or logistical constraints on relationships between
activities. Except for the first and last activities in the project
schedule, each activity shall have at least one predecessor and
one successor relationship to form a logically connected network plan
from notice to proceed to the contract completion date.</p>
         <p audience="GSAR" outputclass="List1" class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Updates</i>. Unless
a different period for updates is specified elsewhere, the Contractor
shall update the project schedule monthly to reflect actual progress
in completing the work, and submit the updated project schedule
within 5 working days of the end of each month.</p>
         <p id="id201I9L00MS3"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="NoIndent"
            class="- topic/p ">Alternate
III (<term class="- topic/term ">Jan</term> 2020). As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="id1941EG00QCV"
                  href="536.515.dita#GSAM_536_515">536.515</xref>(c), substitute
the following paragraphs (c), (e), (h), and (i) for paragraphs (c), (e),
(h), and (i) of the basic clause:</p>
         <p id="id201I9M0703S"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(c) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submission.</i> (1)
Within 30 calendar days of contract award, or such other time as
may be specified in the contract, the Contractor shall submit the
design phase project schedule.</p>
         <p id="id201I9M0J07Z"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(2)
Within 30 calendar days after establishing the final estimated cost
of work, the Contractor shall submit the construction phase project
schedule, together with a written narrative describing the major
work activities, activities on the critical path, and major constraints
underlying the sequence and logic of the project schedule.</p>
         <p id="id201I9N0405Y"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(e) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Activities.</i> (1)
The design phase project schedule shall depict all activities necessary
to complete the design work, including, as applicable, all submittal
and submittal review activities, cost reconciliation, and establishing
the estimated cost of work for the construction phase.</p>
         <p id="id201I9N0N0XI"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(2)
The Contractor shall use a critical path method project schedule
to plan, coordinate, and perform the construction phase work.</p>
         <p id="id201IA000O12"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(3)
The construction phase project schedule shall depict all activities
necessary to complete the construction work, including, as applicable,
all submittal and submittal review activities, all procurement activities,
and all field activities, including mobilization, construction,
start-up, testing, balancing, commissioning, and punchlist. 	</p>
         <p id="id201IA000V41"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(4)
Activities shall be sufficiently detailed and limited in duration
to enable proper planning and coordination of the work, effective
evaluation of the reasonableness and realism of the project schedule,
accurate monitoring of progress, and reliable analysis of schedule
impacts.</p>
         <p id="id201IA0020M5"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(5)
Activity durations shall be based upon reasonable and realistic
allocation of the resources required to complete each activity,
given physical and logistical constraints on the performance of
the work. All logic shall validly reflect physical or logistical
constraints on relationships between activities. Except for the
first and last activities in the project schedule, each activity
shall have at least one predecessor and one successor relationship
to form a logically connected network plan from notice to proceed
to the contract completion date. </p>
         <p id="id201IA0108II"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(h) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Revisions
to the schedule.</i> (1) The Contractor should anticipate that the
project schedule will be subject to review and may require revision.
The Contractor shall devote sufficient resources for meetings, revisions,
and resubmissions of the project schedule to address any exceptions
taken. The Contractor understands and acknowledges that the purpose
of the review and resolution of exceptions is to maximize the usefulness
of the project schedule for contract performance.</p>
         <p id="id201IA010LQH"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List2"
            class="- topic/p ">(2)
If the Contractor proposes a revision to the project schedule after
initial approved submission, the Contractor shall provide in writing
a narrative describing the substance of the revision, the rationale
for the revision, and the impact of the revision on the projected
substantial completion date and the available float for all activities. </p>
         <p id="id201IA010WUC"
            audience="GSAR"
            outputclass="List1"
            class="- topic/p ">(i) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Updates.</i> Unless
a different period for updates is specified elsewhere, the Contractor
shall update the project schedule monthly to reflect actual progress
in completing the work, and submit the updated project schedule
within 5 working days of the end of each month.</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
