<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept class="- topic/topic concept/concept "
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            id="GSAM_552_238_82">
      <title class="- topic/title " xtrc="GSAR">
         <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">552.238-82</ph> Modifications (Federal Supply Schedules).</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="VcsOqi">As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph ">
               <xref base="KOSVKQYR"
                     class="- topic/xref "
                     href="538.273.dita#GSAM_538_273"
                     outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">538.273</xref>
            </ph>(d)(6), insert
the following clause:</p>
         <p audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/p "
            id="vJaOCN"
            outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps"> Modifications (Federal Supply
Schedules) (JAN 2022) </p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol " id="d878e19">
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="PxDwHK">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d870e23">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(a)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General</i>.
The Contractor may request a contract modification by submitting
a request to the Contracting Officer for approval, except as noted
in paragraph (d) of this clause. At a minimum, every request shall
describe the proposed change(s) and provide the rationale for the
requested change(s).</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="WBCHFR" props="Runin">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d870e40">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(b)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Types
of modifications</i>—</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="xRhPky">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="id195AE098005">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(1)</ph>Additional
items/additional SINs. When requesting additions, the following
information must be submitted:</p>
                     <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="JCvmeU">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="id195AE0AI0F1">
                              <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(i)</ph>
                              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Information
requested in paragraphs</i> (1) and (2) of the Commercial Sales
Practice Format to add SINs.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="UMQaMO">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="id195AE0B07WT">
                              <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(ii)</ph>Discount
information for the new item(s) or new SIN(s). Specifically, submit
the information requested in paragraphs 3 through 5 of the Commercial
Sales Practice Format. If this information is the same as the initial
award, a statement to that effect may be submitted instead.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="uTQGkt">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="id195AE0B08BJ">
                              <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(iii)</ph>Information
about the new item(s) or the item(s) under the new SIN(s) must be
submitted in accordance with the request for proposal.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="OWdKOk">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="id195AE0B09J9">
                              <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(iv)</ph>Delivery
time(s) for the new item(s) or the item(s) under the new SIN(s)
must be submitted in accordance with the request for proposal.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="XnZvIa">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="id195AE0B0A1O">
                              <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(v)</ph>Production
point(s) for the new item(s) or the item(s) under the new SIN(s)
must be submitted if required by FAR 52.215-6, Place of Performance.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="TkXiOs">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="id195AE0B0BTM">
                              <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(vi)</ph>Hazardous
Material information (if applicable) must be submitted as required
by FAR 52.223-3 (Alternate I), Hazardous Material Identification
and Material Safety Data.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="mCpppJ">
                           <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="id195AE0B0C1O">
                              <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(vii)</ph>Any information
requested by FAR 52.212-3(f), Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products and Commercial
Services, that may be necessary to assure compliance with FAR
52.225-1, Buy American Act-Balance of Payments Programs-Supplies.</p>
                        </li>
                     </ol>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="yzNIJC">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="id195AE0F0FB2">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(2)</ph>
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Deletions</i>.
The Contractors shall provide an explanation for the deletion. The
Government reserves the right to reject any subsequent offer of
the same item or a substantially equal item at a higher price during
the same contract period, if the contracting officer finds the higher
price to be unreasonable when compared with the deleted item.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="bbhNMK">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="id195AE0FD0I2">
                        <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(3)</ph>
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Price
reduction</i>. The Contractor shall indicate whether the price reduction
falls under the item (i), (ii), or (iii) of paragraph (c)(1) of
the Price Reductions clause at <xref base="i1874127"
                              class="- topic/xref "
                              href="552.238-81.dita#GSAM_552_238_81"
                              outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">552.238-81</xref>. If the Price
reduction falls under item (i), the Contractor shall transmit a
copy of the dated commercial price list. If the price reduction
falls under item (ii) or (iii), the Contractor shall transmit a
copy of the applicable price list(s), bulletins or letters or customer
agreements which outline the effective date, duration, terms and
conditions of the price reduction.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="AExUIm">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d870e49">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(c)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Effective dates</i>. The effective
date of any modification is the date specified in the modification,
except as otherwise provided in the Price Reductions clause at <xref base="i1874127"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        href="552.238-81.dita#GSAM_552_238_81"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">552.238-81</xref>.</p>
            </li>
            <li audience="GSAR" class="- topic/li " id="JsWmIT">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR" id="d870e58">
                  <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">(d)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Electronic file updates</i>.
The Contractor shall update electronic file submissions to reflect
all modifications. For additional items or SINs, the Contractor
shall obtain the Contracting Officer's approval before transmitting
changes. Contract modifications will not be made effective until
the Government receives the electronic file updates. The Contractor
may transmit price reductions, item deletions, and corrections without
prior approval. However, the Contractor shall notify the Contracting
Officer as set forth in the Price Reductions clause at <xref base="i1874127"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        href="552.238-81.dita#GSAM_552_238_81"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">552.238-81</xref>.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p audience="GSAR"
            class="- topic/p "
            id="tFIncT"
            outputclass="Endofclause">(End
of clause)</p>
         <section class="- topic/section " outputclass="Alternate"><?FM MARKER [Alt] Start?>
            <p class="- topic/p "
               audience="GSAR"
               outputclass="NoIndent"
               id="d946e116">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Alternate I</i> (Mar 2020). As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph ">
                  <xref base="KOSVKQYR"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        href="538.273.dita#GSAM_538_273"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">538.273</xref>
               </ph>(d)(6)(i), add the following
paragraph (e) to the basic clause:</p>
            <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(e) Electronic submission of modification requests is mandatory via eMod (<xref class="- topic/xref "
                     format="html"
                     href="http://eOffer.gsa.gov"
                     scope="external">http://eOffer.gsa.gov</xref>), unless otherwise stated in the electronic submission standards and requirements at the Vendor Support Center website (<xref class="- topic/xref "
                     format="html"
                     href="http://vsc.gsa.gov"
                     scope="external">http://vsc.gsa.gov</xref>). If the electronic submissions standards and requirements information is updated at the Vendor Support Center website, Contractors will be notified prior to the effective date of the change.</p>
            <?FM MARKER [Alt] End?>
         </section>
         <section class="- topic/section " outputclass="Alternate"><?FM MARKER [Alt] Start?>
            <p class="- topic/p "
               audience="GSAR"
               outputclass="NoIndent"
               id="d946e135">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Alternate II</i> (May 2019). As prescribed in <ph outputclass="ClauseProvisionXREF" class="- topic/ph ">
                  <xref base="KOSVKQYR"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        href="538.273.dita#GSAM_538_273"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly">538.273</xref>
               </ph>(d)(6)(ii), substitute the
following paragraph (b) for paragraph (b) of the basic clause:</p>
            <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="List1">(b) <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Types of Modifications</i>.</p>
            <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(1) Additional items/additional SINs. When requesting additions, the Contractor must submit the following information:</p>
            <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(i) Information about the new item(s) or the item(s) under the new SIN(s) must be submitted in accordance with the instructions in the solicitation.</p>
            <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(ii) Delivery time(s) for the new item(s) or the item(s) under the new SIN(s) must be submitted in accordance with the request for proposal.</p>
            <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iii) Production point(s) for the new item(s) or the item(s) under the new SIN(s) must be submitted if required by FAR 52.215-6, Place of Performance.</p>
            <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(iv) Hazardous Material information (if applicable) must be
submitted as required by FAR 52.223-3 (Alternate I), Hazardous Material
Identification and Material Safety Data.</p>
            <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="List3">(v) Any information requested by FAR 52.212-3(f), Offeror Representations and Certifications-Commercial Products or Services, that may be necessary to assure compliance with FAR 52.225-1, Buy American Act-Balance of Payments Programs-Supplies.</p>
            <p audience="GSAR" class="- topic/p " outputclass="List2">(2) Deletions. The Contractor must provide an explanation for the deletion. The Government reserves the right to reject any subsequent offer of the same item or a substantially equal item at a higher price during the same contract period, if the Contracting Officer determines that the higher price is unreasonable compared to the price of the deleted item.</p>
            <?FM MARKER [Alt] End?>
         </section>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
