<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="GSAM_537_104"
            audience="GSAM"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title class="- topic/title ">
			      <ph class="- topic/ph " props="autonumber">537.104</ph> Personal Services Contracts.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <ol class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="id216GF0I0JY4" class="- topic/p "> 
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General.</i> GSA is generally not authorized to award personal service contracts. Personal services contracts are often triggered by perception, in particular when it is hard to differentiate between contractor employees and Federal employees. GSA contracting activities should avoid engaging in personal services contracts as described in <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/37.104"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">FAR 37.104</xref>, unless excepted (see paragraph (b)), and work to establish and administer contracts such that the risk of the appearance of personal service contracts is mitigated and documented in the file. For more information on how to administer service contracts and avoid inappropriate personal service contract perception, see <xref href="537.504.dita#GSAM_537_504"
                        outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                        class="- topic/xref ">537.504</xref>.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="id216GF0I0SHS" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exceptions.</i> There
are limited exceptions in which GSA may actively engage in personal
service type contracts:</p>
					          <ol class="- topic/ol ">
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216GF0I10YK" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph> A contracting officer
may enter into a personal services contract if the acquisition is
being conducted on behalf of another agency who has statutory authority
to enter into personal service contracts specific to that acquisition
The contracting officer must obtain the written concurrence of the
Office of Legal Counsel and the Contracting Directors prior to issuing
a solicitation.</p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216GF0I10HT" class="- topic/p "> 
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph> A contracting officer may enter into a personal services contract for GSA use only after obtaining the written concurrence of the Office of Legal Counsel and of the Contracting Director. See <xref href="https://www.acquisition.gov/far/37.104"
                              format="html"
                              scope="external"
                              class="- topic/xref ">FAR 37.104</xref>(e) and GSA Order ADM 5000.4, Office of General Counsel Legal Review.
                     </p>
						            </li>
						            <li class="- topic/li ">
							              <p id="id216GF0I20PF" class="- topic/p ">
								                <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph> GSA
has authority to enter into contracts for personal services for
Information Technology, per 40 USC 321(c)(1)(A)(iii), only when
the contract is less than one year in duration, after meeting the
requirements above.</p>
						            </li>
					          </ol>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li ">
					          <p id="id216GF0I0TUI" class="- topic/p ">
						            <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Delegating
Responsibilities.</i> Contracting officers must ensure any contracting
officer's representative (COR) delegation letter includes language
regarding personal service contract responsibilities. Standard delegation
language can be found on GSA's Acquisition Portal at <xref href="https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">https://insite.gsa.gov/acquisitionportal</xref>.</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
