<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
	  <concept id="EMARVODM"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
		    <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
			      <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">504.1103</ph> Procedures.</title>
		    <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
			      <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">In addition to the requirements found in FAR 4.1103, prior to awarding a contractual instrument the contracting officer must-</p>
			      <ol id="d106e16" class="- topic/ol ">
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p id="d105e20" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             Verify that the prospective contractor’s legal business name, Doing-Business-As (DBA) name (if any), physical street address, and Data Universal Number System (DUNS) number or DUNS+4 number, as found in the System for Award Management (SAM), match the information that will be included in the contract, order, or agreement resulting from the vendor's quote or proposal. Correct any mismatches by having the vendor amend the information in the SAM and/or the quote or proposal. The SAM information can be accessed through the SAM website (<xref href="http://www.sam.gov"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">www.sam.gov</xref>) by creating a user account.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p id="d105e34" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             Ensure that the contractor’s address code exists in Pegasys and that it is SAM enabled with the contractor’s DUNS or DUNS+4 number. This can be done by searching Pegasys records using the contractor’s Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN). If no code exists, request that a new address code be established by the Finance Center for SAM compliance.</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p id="d105e43" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						             Ensure that the contractor’s identifying information is correctly placed on the contractual instrument, using special care to ensure that the legal name and “remit to” name match exactly. (Note: Lockbox names or numbers should not be used to replace the contractor’s name in the remittance block on the contractual instrument.)</p>
				        </li>
				        <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
					          <p id="d105e52" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						            Unless one of the exceptions to registration in SAM applies (see FAR 4.1102(a)), the contracting officer must not award a contract to a prospective contractor who is not registered in SAM. If no exceptions are applicable, and the needs of the requiring activity allows for a delay in award, see FAR 4.1103(b)(1).</p>
				        </li>
			      </ol>
		    </conbody>
	  </concept>
</dita>
