<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
      domains="(topic task)                            (topic concept)                            (topic concept glossentry)                            (topic concept glossgroup)                            (topic reference)                            (topic troubleshooting++task) (topic task)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)                            (topic task strictTaskbody-c)   ">
   <concept id="i1874195"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.239-71</ph> Security Requirements for Unclassified Information Technology Resources.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">As prescribed in <xref href="GSAM-JQUJEWFL.dita#JQUJEWFL"
                  outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref ">539.7002</xref>(b), insert the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">Security Requirements for Unclassified Information Technology Resources (Jan 2012)</p>
         <ol id="d881e21" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e26" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">General</i>. The Contractor shall be responsible for information technology (IT) security, based on General Services Administration (GSA) risk assessments, for all systems connected to a GSA network or operated by the Contractor for GSA, regardless of location. This clause is applicable to all or any part of the contract that includes information technology resources or services in which the Contractor has physical or electronic access to GSA’s information that directly supports the mission of GSA, as indicated by GSA. The term information technology, as used in this clause, means any equipment, including telecommunications equipment that is used in the automatic acquisition, storage, manipulation, management, control, display, switching, interchange, transmission, or reception of data or information. This includes major applications as defined by OMB Circular A-130. Examples of tasks that require security provisions include:</p>
               <ol id="d881e34" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p id="d873e39" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 Hosting of GSA e-Government sites or other IT operations;</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p id="d873e48" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 Acquisition, transmission, or analysis of data owned by GSA with significant replacement cost should the Contractors copy be corrupted;</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p id="d873e57" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 Access to GSA major applications at a level beyond that granted the general public; e.g., bypassing a firewall; and</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p id="d873e66" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 Any new information technology systems acquired for operations within the GSA must comply with the requirements of HSPD-12 and OMB M-11-11. Usage of the credentials must be implemented in accordance with OMB policy and NIST guidelines (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e.g.</i>, NIST SP 800-116). The system must operate within the GSA’s access management environment. Exceptions must be requested in writing and can only be granted by the GSA Senior Agency Information Security Officer.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e80" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">IT Security Plan</i>. The Contractor shall develop, provide, implement, and maintain an IT Security Plan. This plan shall describe the processes and procedures that will be followed to ensure appropriate security of IT resources that are developed, processed, or used under this contract. The plan shall describe those parts of the contract to which this clause applies. The Contractors IT Security Plan shall comply with applicable Federal laws that include, but are not limited to, 40 U.S.C. 11331, the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) of 2002, and the E-Government Act of 2002. The plan shall meet IT security requirements in accordance with Federal and GSA policies and procedures. GSA’s Office of the Chief Information Officer issued “CIO IT Security Procedural Guide 09–48, Security Language for Information Technology Acquisitions Efforts,” to provide IT security standards, policies and reporting requirements. This document is incorporated by reference in all solicitations and contracts or task orders where an information system is contractor owned and operated on behalf of the Federal Government. The guide can be accessed at <xref href="http://www.gsa.gov/portal/category/25690"
                        format="html"
                        scope="external"
                        class="- topic/xref ">http://www.gsa.gov/portal/category/25690</xref>. Specific security requirements not specified in “CIO IT Security Procedural Guide 09–48, Security Language for Information Technology Acquisitions Efforts” shall be provided by the requiring activity.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e96" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submittal of IT Security Plan</i>. Within 30 calendar days after contract award, the Contractor shall submit the IT Security Plan to the Contracting Officer and Contracting Officers Representative (COR) for acceptance. This plan shall be consistent with and further detail the approach contained in the contractors proposal or sealed bid that resulted in the award of this contract and in compliance with the requirements stated in this clause. The plan, as accepted by the Contracting Officer and COR, shall be incorporated into the contract as a compliance document. The Contractor shall comply with the accepted plan.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e108" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(d)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Submittal of a Continuous Monitoring Plan</i>. The Contractor must develop a continuous monitoring strategy that includes:</p>
               <ol id="d881e116" class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p id="d873e121" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 A configuration management process for the information system and its constituent components;</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p id="d873e130" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 A determination of the security impact of changes to the information system and environment of operation;</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p id="d873e139" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 Ongoing security control assessments in accordance with the organizational continuous monitoring strategy;</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p id="d873e148" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 Reporting the security state of the information system to appropriate GSA officials; and</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p id="d873e157" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
								                 All GSA general support systems and applications must implement continuous monitoring activities in accordance with this guide and NIST SP 800-37 Revision 1, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Guide for Applying the Risk Management Framework to Federal Information Systems: A Security Life Cycle Approach</i>.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e171" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(e)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Security authorization</i>. Within six (6) months after contract award, the Contractor shall submit written proof of IT security authorization for acceptance by the Contracting Officer. Such written proof may be furnished either by the Contractor or by a third party. The security authorization must be in accordance with NIST Special Publication 800-37. This security authorization will include a final security plan, risk assessment, security test and evaluation, and disaster recovery plan/continuity of operations plan. This security authorization, when accepted by the Contracting Officer, shall be incorporated into the contract as a compliance document, and shall include a final security plan, a risk assessment, security test and evaluation, and disaster recovery/continuity of operations plan. The Contractor shall comply with the accepted security authorization documentation.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e184" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(f)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Annual verification</i>. On an annual basis, the Contractor shall submit verification to the Contracting Officer that the IT Security plan remains valid.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e196" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(g)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Warning notices</i>. The Contractor shall ensure that the following banners are displayed on all GSA systems (both public and private) operated by the Contractor prior to allowing anyone access to the system:</p>
               <p outputclass="Ctr" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">Government Warning</p>
               <p outputclass="Ctr" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">**WARNING**WARNING**WARNING**</p>
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">Unauthorized access is a violation of U.S. law and General Services Administration policy, and may result in criminal or administrative penalties. Users shall not access other users or system files without proper authority. Absence of access controls IS NOT authorization for access! GSA information systems and related equipment are intended for communication, transmission, processing and storage of U.S. Government information. These systems and equipment are subject to monitoring by law enforcement and authorized Department officials. Monitoring may result in the acquisition, recording, and analysis of all data being communicated, transmitted, processed or stored in this system by law enforcement and authorized Department officials. Use of this system constitutes consent to such monitoring.</p>
               <p outputclass="Ctr" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">**WARNING**WARNING**WARNING**</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e233" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(h)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Privacy Act notification</i>. The Contractor shall ensure that the following banner is displayed on all GSA systems that contain Privacy Act information operated by the Contractor prior to allowing anyone access to the system:</p>
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">This system contains information protected under the provisions of the Privacy Act of 1974 (Pub. L. 93-579). Any privacy information displayed on the screen or printed shall be protected from unauthorized disclosure. Employees who violate privacy safeguards may be subject to disciplinary actions, a fine of up to $5,000, or both.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e251" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(i)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Privileged or limited privileges access</i>. Contractor personnel requiring privileged access or limited privileges access to systems operated by the Contractor for GSA or interconnected to a GSA network shall adhere to the specific contract security requirements contained within this contract and/or the Contract Security Classification Specification (DD Form 254).</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e263" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(j)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Training</i>. The Contractor shall ensure that its employees performing under this contract receive annual IT security training in accordance with OMB Circular A-130, FISMA, and NIST requirements, as they may be amended from time to time during the term of this contract, with a specific emphasis on the rules of behavior.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e275" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(k)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">GSA access</i>. The Contractor shall afford GSA access to the Contractor’s and subcontractors’ facilities, installations, operations, documentation, databases, IT systems and devices, and personnel used in performance of the contract, regardless of the location. Access shall be provided to the extent required, in GSA’s judgment, to conduct an inspection, evaluation, investigation or audit, including vulnerability testing to safeguard against threats and hazards to the integrity, availability and confidentiality of GSA data or to the function of information technology systems operated on behalf of GSA, and to preserve evidence of computer crime. This information shall be available to GSA upon request.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e287" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(l)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Subcontracts</i>. The Contractor shall incorporate the substance of this clause in all subcontracts that meet the conditions in paragraph (a) of this clause.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e299" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(m)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Notification regarding employees</i>. The Contractor shall immediately notify the Contracting Officer when an employee either begins or terminates employment when that employee has access to GSA information systems or data. If an employee’s employment is terminated, for any reason, access to GSA’s information systems or data shall be immediately disabled and the credentials used to access the information systems or data shall be immediately confiscated.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p id="d873e312" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(n)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
						              <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Termination</i>. Failure on the part of the Contractor to comply with the terms of this clause may result in termination of this contract.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p class="- topic/p " outputclass="Endofclause" audience="GSAR">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
