<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE dita
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">
<dita xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/"
      ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2">
   <concept id="id195K90Z08OJ"
            audience="GSAR"
            ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2"
            class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">
      <title xtrc="GSAR" class="- topic/title ">
         <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">552.238-114</ph> Use
of Federal Supply Schedule Contracts by Non-Federal Entities.</title>
      <conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
         <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">As prescribed in <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                  class="- topic/xref "
                  base="FBCQNJUA"
                  href="GSAM-FBCQNJUA.dita#FBCQNJUA">538.7004</xref>(c) insert the following clause:</p>
         <p outputclass="Ctr_SmCaps" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">Use of Federal Supply Schedule Contracts
by Non-Federal Entities (May 2019)</p>
         <ol class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(a)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   If an entity
identified in paragraph (d) of the clause at <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        base="id195K8300P4V"
                        href="GSAM-552.238-113.dita#id195K8300P4V">552.238-113</xref>, Scope
of Contract (Eligible Ordering Activities), elects to place an order
under this contract, the entity agrees that the order shall be subject
to the following conditions:</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         When
the Contractor accepts an order from such an entity, a separate
contract is formed which incorporates by reference all the terms
and conditions of the Schedule contract except the Disputes clause,
the patent indemnity clause, and the portion of the Commercial Item
Contract Terms and Conditions that specifies “Compliance with laws
unique to Government contracts” (which applies only to contracts
with entities of the Executive branch of the U.S. Government). The
parties to this new contract which incorporates the terms and conditions
of the Schedule contract are the individual ordering activity and
the Contractor. The U.S. Government shall not be liable for the
performance or nonperformance of the new contract. Disputes which
cannot be resolved by the parties to the new contract may be litigated in
any State or Federal court with jurisdiction over the parties, applying
Federal procurement law, including statutes, regulations and case
law, and, if pertinent, the Uniform Commercial Code. To the extent
authorized by law, parties to this new contract are encouraged to
resolve disputes through Alternative Dispute Resolution. Likewise,
a Blanket Purchase Agreement (BPA), although not a contract, is
an agreement that may be entered into by the Contractor with such an
entity and the Federal Government is not a party.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         Where contract
clauses refer to action by a Contracting Officer or a Contracting
Officer of GSA, that shall mean the individual responsible for placing
the order for the ordering activity (e.g., FAR 52.212-4 at paragraph
(f) and FSS clause I-FSS-249 B.)</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(3)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         As a condition
of using this contract, eligible ordering activities agree to abide
by all terms and conditions of the Schedule contract, except for
those deleted clauses or portions of clauses mentioned in paragraph
(a)(1) of this clause. Ordering activities may include terms and
conditions required by statute, ordinance, regulation, order, or
as otherwise allowed by State and local government entities as a
part of a statement of work (SOW) or statement of objective (SOO) to
the extent that these terms and conditions do not conflict with
the terms and conditions of the Schedule contract. The ordering
activity and the Contractor expressly acknowledge that, in entering
into an agreement for the ordering activity to purchase goods or
services from the Contractor, neither the ordering activity nor
the Contractor will look to, primarily or in any secondary capacity,
or file any claim against the United States or any of its agencies
with respect to any failure of performance by the other party.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(4)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The ordering activity
is responsible for all payments due the Contractor under the contract
formed by acceptance of the ordering activity's order, without recourse
to the agency of the U.S. Government, which awarded the Schedule contract.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(5)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The Contractor
is encouraged, but not obligated, to accept orders from such entities.
The Contractor may, within 5 days of receipt of the order, decline
to accept any order, for any reason. The Contractor shall fulfill
orders placed by such entities, which are not declined within the
5-day period.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(6)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The supplies or
services purchased will be used for governmental purposes only and
will not be resold for personal use. Disposal of property acquired
will be in accordance with the established procedures of the ordering
activity for the disposal of personal property.</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(b)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   If the Schedule
Contractor accepts an order from an entity identified in paragraph
(d) of the clause at <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        base="id195K8300P4V"
                        href="GSAM-552.238-113.dita#id195K8300P4V">552.238-113</xref>, Scope of Contract (Eligible Ordering
Activities), the Contractor agrees to the following conditions:</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The ordering activity
is responsible for all payments due the Contractor for the contract
formed by acceptance of the order, without recourse to the agency
of the U.S. Government, which awarded the Schedule contract.</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The Contractor
is encouraged, but not obligated, to accept orders from such entities.
The Contractor may, within 5 days of receipt of the order, decline
to accept any order, for any reason. The Contractor shall decline
the order using the same means as those used to place the order.
The Contractor shall fulfill orders placed by such entities, which
are not declined within the 5-day period.</p>  
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
               <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                  <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(c)</ph>
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                   In accordance
with clause <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                        class="- topic/xref "
                        base="i1874125"
                        href="GSAM-i1874125.dita#i1874125">552.238-80</xref>, Industrial Funding Fee and Sales Reporting,
the Contractor must report the quarterly dollar value of all sales
under this contract. When submitting sales reports, the Contractor
must report two dollar values for each Special Item Number:</p>
               <ol class="- topic/ol ">
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(1)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The dollar value for
sales to entities identified in paragraph (a) of the clause at <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                              class="- topic/xref "
                              base="id195K8300P4V"
                              href="GSAM-552.238-113.dita#id195K8300P4V">552.238-113</xref>, Scope of Contract (Eligible Ordering Activities), and</p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li " audience="GSAR">
                     <p class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">
                        <ph props="autonumber" class="- topic/ph ">(2)</ph>
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                        
                         The dollar value
for sales to entities identified in paragraph (d) of clause <xref outputclass="fm:ParaNumOnly"
                              class="- topic/xref "
                              base="id195K8300P4V"
                              href="GSAM-552.238-113.dita#id195K8300P4V">552.238-113</xref> Scope of Contract (Eligible Ordering Activities).</p>
                  </li>
               </ol>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p outputclass="Endofclause" class="- topic/p " audience="GSAR">(End of clause)</p>
      </conbody>
   </concept>
</dita>
